Dear Dirary , Apparently I 'm a god now . But before being a god , I was just an adventurer . I guess that 's what I 'd call it ? I 'd go on adventures . Me , some friends , solving problems and slaying monsters . It was pretty fun , not extremely rewarding but job prospects are n't exactly great in my village . Just various shades of merchant - Oh , and one bartender . Anyway , I went on a particular adventure not long ago and things got pretty hectic . Our group was pretty tight though , we handled things well given the circumstances . We had Tess , my childhood friend and our white magic user ; Edwin , this total dick from the village who just happens to be amazing with a spear ; Slops , a wise , respected old knight who for some reason stuck with the nickname `` Slops '' ; and Ren , a mysterious , extremely powerful Elf mage , reformed villain and all-round great guy . We also had this Lycan with us , Rex . He was cool but at some point he got turned into an *actual* wolf and sort of wandered off in the woods . To cut a long story short : We were tracking a big bad guy hellbent on world annihilation , and for some reason we were the only people trying to stop that from happening . Not sure why . Along the way , we burned down an evil , living castle ; hung out with some ghosts ; discovered an underwater cult which we also , somehow , burned down ; and a bunch of other stuff . Ren actually revealed he was working for the big bad at one point and he killed Slops . Well , the heart attack killed Slops . We were all pretty shocked because Ren is just an awesome guy . He totally came back and saved us near the end though , which was great . Shame about Slops . The world actually got destroyed in some way , like three times . But we fixed it , somehow - I do n't know the specifics . Magic stuff . Ren 's the guy to ask if you want the know-how . At some point during the final , world-saving battle I was legally dead for about 12 minutes . I had a run in with some entity that rules the cosmos , and he declared me a god . I think that sort of spurred me on to kill the evil villain in the end , to be fair . Anyway , that was yesterday . I just sort of slept on it . It does n't feel much different being a god , to be honest with you . Not sure what I 'm supposed to be doing . I 've tried answering prayers , but I was n't hearing any of them . I also ca n't shoot fireballs - I think . I tried smiting the shit out of Edwin , but I 'm not sure if it worked . He 's such a dick . I 'm gon na meet Ren in a bit ... Just to , y'know , hang out . Maybe he knows a bit about this god stuff because he knows a lot of things . Such a cool guy . I might see what Tess is up to , but she 's probably with Edwin and he 'll cramp mine and Ren 's style . What a dick . So , Diary , that was my week . Sorry I did n't write for a while - I was saving the world ! Hehe . I 'll update when I 've figured out this godhood business . I honestly have no idea what I 'm doing . Bye !
What began as a way to be appreciated , Became something much more dark and shaded , A man to stop those who would agress , Became a sociopathic mess , And those who knew him all too well , Could see the soul they ’ d loved was now a hollow shell , A symbol for hope , in praise he was showered , But was twisted and devoured by his own power , Yet the ones from afar who ’ d give their praise , Refused to recognize his cruel dark ways , “ I mean , yeah , he has a tendency towards decapitation , But sometimes that ’ s just what it takes to restore a nation ”
It 's been 100 years since the virus was launched into the air . For the first 5 years everything went great . The self replicating viruses soaked through our lungs , nasal cavities , and throat . The results were staggering . Muscles bulged naturally , height climbed , total immunity to diseases , and serious wounds inflicted healed overnight . Global paradise arrived on Earth in a matter of months . The self replication was the downfall . Mutations in code , in only a few at first , and terribly small . The first tell was the eye color . As new breeds of the virus fought to override the old , and each other . People would go to sleep blue eyed , and wake green . At the end of seven years , we began to see the true ramifications . People would grow extra arms and legs , only to have them fall off within hours , then regrow . The process was excruciating . Travel became dangerous , breathing in the air as you stepped off the plane could spell horrific changes in your body . At the turn of the decade , humanity surrendered the fight . We went into sterilized bunkers , wearing suits with active filtration units at all times . So they say ... Stepping outside is fatal they claim ! Mutations will cause your body to horrifically tear itself apart in seconds , they say ! I am here to tell you , my brothers and sisters ! These are lies ! There is a world out there ! It is plentiful , and beautiful ! Those who spread these stories do so to control us ! They want the surface , the beauty and luxury for themselves ! The only thing binding us here is an invisible chain called fear ! But no longer ! Today , we venture forth to bounties unimaginable ! To claim the birthrights stolen from us ! Join me brothers and Sisters , we are not bound by fear , only by destiny ! The old man stood in front of the door with his youngest grandson . He did not plead , beg , or cry . He looked deeply into the eyes of his son , and spoke softly : `` I can not stop you . I have felt the things you felt , so I know that no words will reach you now . Your boy will stay with me though , as I know he can still be saved . '' The son stared down at his decrepit old man `` It is fine if he stays here a bit longer . We will need to properly colonize the surface first , and he is too young to work . Especially if we need to fight the surface dwellers . Make no mistake though , I will return for him . Perhaps I will even come back for you dad . '' The old man gave one last sigh , and stepped aside . His son , draped as his followers , in a gown of sky blue led his worshipers into the air lock . As the 23 young men and women were sealed in , not a one looked back . The airlock released and they stepped out into a beautiful green landscape . The man turned to his followers , and gripped his mask tightly . `` Let us , as one , taste our birthright . '' All 23 ripped their masks off as one , and inhaled deeply . Each thought to themselves how lovely the smell was . The taste of the earthy aromas filled their palette . A few winced as they waited . As a few seconds went by , they broke out in deep smiles . They began cheering and hugging , celebrating the beginning of their new lives ! The man looked to the girl closest to him , his wife of 10 years . Mother to his 2 children . He looked deeply into her ... blue ? eyes . His face contorted , his wife 's eyes were green , he was sure ... he began to reach for his mask , but it was done . The old man covered his grandson 's eyes , as small droplets formed in his own . He watched on as the bodies of the men and women began to shift . Bones began sharply jutting out , muscles expanded until they ripped the skin covering them apart , blood vessels contorted and ruptured , spraying their contents everywhere . In a few seconds , the bodies of the 23 were nearly unrecognizable , and the green landscape was a dark shade of red . The old man shook his head . Some warnings truly and simply , are nothing more . No amount of faith or willpower can change that .
Glahdg . Barliajh in dah ! Da ! Mine ! Daddy ! Mine ! Mommy ! It 's not FAIR ! CAN I HAVE A CANDY ! ? HE HIT ME FIRST ! MINE ! Thanks , mommy . I love you , Daddy . Can we go to Mcdonalds ? Can I spend the night at Jenny 's house ? Can I have a computer ? Can I have a phone ? Mom , do n't kiss me in front of my friends ! Dad , we 're going to be late to the birthday party ! Did you hear about Sarah ? She kissed that boy in her class ! Hey , look at that cute boy . Mom , can I *pleaaaase* wear makeup now ? Oh , my god , Daryl asked me to the prom ! Daddy , look at my makeup ! Daddy , look at my dress ! DAD , I 'M GETTING DRESSED ! Mom , I need to go shopping for bras ! I promise I 'll visit in the summer and on breaks , mom ! I love you too , daddy ! Yes , I got everything I need for my classes . Yes , I promise I wo n't go crazy like all of the other college girls . I ca n't have this baby , Stuart ! I do n't CARE ! YOU were the one that did n't wear the condom ! I 'm okay , mom , I 'm just a little bit upset . No , everything is fine . Yes , I 'm here to see Doctor Helmack ? I 'll get over it , Stuart , just leave me alone . Mom , dad , I passed my finals ! Thanks , daddy , I love the gown too . I 'm still looking , mom , the economy just is n't there right now . This job is n't exactly what I wanted , but it 's the best I can do right now . I love this job ! I hate this job ! Mom , it 's nothing serious , we 're just dating . Mom , we 're getting married ! Mom , I got a new job ! I 'M PREGNANT ! You bought me a *home* ? I love you , Honey . Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey , can you fix the front door ? It 's a little loose . Honey , can you come help me with the baby ? Honey , can you pick up Todd from soccer practice ? Todd , you 're going to have a sister ! I just ca n't believe I lost my job . No , I did *NOT* sleep with Bill , what is your *problem* ? I do n't care , just *get out* ! I 'm sorry , too . I love you . We 're fine , mom , we 're just going through some things . Honey , do you want to take Todd to his friend 's house or stay and watch Annabel ? You got me a *car* for my birthday , honey ! ? Daddy , are you okay ? Daddy , the doctor said it was a minor heart attack and you can recover from it . Daddy , I 'm sorry I do n't talk to you and mom as often . I love you too , daddy . Did you hear , Honey ? Annabel is dating that Jared guy from her class . Todd , you will *not* associate with those guys , do you hear me ? Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . I love you , Todd . Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . Honey , can you go clean the gutters this Saturday ? Honey , can you take out the trash ? When you retire can we go to Hawaii ? Hawaii is so beautiful ! I love you , Honey . Mom ? Dad ... ? It 'll be okay , mom . Mom , we 'll take care of the funeral arrangements . Mom , want to go visit daddy today ? Mom , ready for your doctors appointment ? Good night , mom . Mom , wake up ! Honey , call 911 ! I 'm so proud of you , Todd . It was nice to see you again Annabel , I love you ! Tell the grand-kids we said hello ! Honey , it 's cold in here ! Honey , it 's hot in here ! Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey ! It 'll be okay , I just fell . No , my hip is fine . Can we visit my parents next week ? I want to leave flowers . 911 please hurry my husband is n't breathing he 's not breathing ! I 'm so glad you 're okay , honey . I love you . Todd , you 're getting married ? Annabel , your husband wants to surprise daddy with a fishing trip ! I love waking up next to you , too . I will always love you . I 'll be okay , I 'm just a little sick . I hate hospitals . Todd , I 'm so sorry I wo n't be there for Timmy 's 5th birthday . I 'm so proud of you , Annabel . Honey , please do n't cry . I 'm going to be okay , honey . It 's cold in here . I love you , honey . Good night . I 'll see you in the morning , I promise . <newline>
Ever since I can remember the law dictates when you die . Nobody knows exactly why . As far as anyone knows it has always been this way . And everyone accepts it . They walk around knowing full well that they will die by some idiot in the government deciding your fate . They even have the audacity to make you sign the paper stating when you are to die . I must have a screw loose or something because their is no way I am just going to walk to my death . Nick Gautier , just another dead nobody . It was a Saturday morning , the day of my death . I sat at the table in my house with my family . My parents chatted about everything they normally did as my sister and brother ate their cereal . What is wrong with them ? I 'm suppose to die today and they act like they do n't even care ! Every second I sit there listening to my mother prattle on about her coworkers affair I want to scream . I 'm 17 years old and I am way too young to die . In the last 6 months I have planned out my escape and the next 10 years of my life . I 'm not going to stay in one place too long . I will have to work on the side because I would never be able to get a job . The government is wormed into every crevice of our society . I figured moving across borders would would keep them off my trail . I looked into it but could find no punishment for escaping your DDay . This can only mean 2 things , either they do n't bother thinking Noone will ever do it , or that it 's so heinous to do that if they catch you , they will take care of you themselves . I 'm going to er on the side of caution and assume it 's the latter . As noon approaches , I grab my bags and head to my car . It 's a beater but its been reliable for a first car . I fill up the trunk with my bags and put the non perishable goods in my car . I stole a bunch of jewelry and other items of value from my parents to help me for a little while . I think theft is a far lesser crime than from what I am doing anyways . I had been driving for a few hours and pulled over to take a break . Middle of nowhere in Tennessee . But this was n't just a break . It was coming on my Death Time . At 3:22 I was suppose to be the gas station in my town where I would be shot in a robbery . I watched as the seconds counted down . The moment 3:22pm hit , so did I . The floor that is . With unimaginable pain in my head . A ringing so loud my head was spinning . I wake up to my head smacking into the side of the van I am apparently riding inside . Sitting with me is 3 large men , likely from the government . `` Hello Mr. Gautier , do you know why you are here ? '' the tall blonde man with glasses on asked me . I looked up , my head still dizzy , `` Because I decided I was n't going to let someone else decide when I die '' . The man removed his glasses `` Do n't you know , some stranger with a gun who decides your fate is no different . We just facilitate your death to keep order . '' I laugh a little under my breath `` And what order is that ? '' . `` Life and death . It must be carried out the way it was meant to , or fate is thrown off . '' The muscular black man said . `` That makes no sense whatsoever '' I retort . `` It will in a few minutes Mr. Gautier , you 've been out for over 9 hours . That pain in your head is an implant everyone has and also doubles as a tracker . If someone does n't meet their DDay , it goes off and incapacitates them until we arrive . '' The smugness of his words made me want to kick him in the face . Just then the van stops and a moment later I am dragged out and into a building . The building is massive , like a giant warehouse surrounded by armed gaurds . You would need a small army to get in . I am brought to a giant steel door that looks like it belongs on a bank vault . A few seconds later a very important looking man walked up to us . He looked oddly familiar . `` Hello Nick , because of your indiscretion you will now get to know why DDay exists . '' the man says as he slides his card into the reader on the door and enters a keycode . The door begins to open slowly . Impressive considering it probably weighs 20 tons . What I saw as we began to walk through the door I could n't explain . It was a giant hole with what appeared to look like some sort of brain inside it . It was at least 40 stories deep , with giant bursts of electricity constantly jumping back and forth . The man began speaking `` do you know what this is ? '' . I just shook my head . He continued `` this is death Nick . This is what controls death on our planet '' . I just stood there in shock as the man explained everything to me . You see , many hundreds of years ago this thing was discovered . But in trying to understand it , the government managed to completely negate death . For everyone . After much research they found out that everything lives forever . To create life it must be taken . That is why it exists . Evolution created death so that life could continue . To fix this problem they wiped all information pertaining to this epidemic and created the DDay . However they also decided to manipulate it for there own use for a select few . The rich and powerful , hundreds of years old past there predetermined death , who influence society and get to live forever . I asked the man `` why bring me here and tell me all this ? '' . He pats me on the shoulder as we stand at the edge of the hole `` So that you will understand by avoiding your demise you throw off a well constructed balance '' . I look at the man and say `` you are ... .no way , I knew I have seen your face before '' . `` That 's right Nick , I 'm former president Richard Nixon . And you are here because when someone skips DDay , the only way to fix the imbalance is to send them directly back into Death itself . '' All of a sudden I felt a shove .
Glahdg . Barliajh in dah ! Da ! Mine ! Daddy ! Mine ! Mommy ! It 's not FAIR ! CAN I HAVE A CANDY ! ? HE HIT ME FIRST ! MINE ! Thanks , mommy . I love you , Daddy . Can we go to Mcdonalds ? Can I spend the night at Jenny 's house ? Can I have a computer ? Can I have a phone ? Mom , do n't kiss me in front of my friends ! Dad , we 're going to be late to the birthday party ! Did you hear about Sarah ? She kissed that boy in her class ! Hey , look at that cute boy . Mom , can I *pleaaaase* wear makeup now ? Oh , my god , Daryl asked me to the prom ! Daddy , look at my makeup ! Daddy , look at my dress ! DAD , I 'M GETTING DRESSED ! Mom , I need to go shopping for bras ! I promise I 'll visit in the summer and on breaks , mom ! I love you too , daddy ! Yes , I got everything I need for my classes . Yes , I promise I wo n't go crazy like all of the other college girls . I ca n't have this baby , Stuart ! I do n't CARE ! YOU were the one that did n't wear the condom ! I 'm okay , mom , I 'm just a little bit upset . No , everything is fine . Yes , I 'm here to see Doctor Helmack ? I 'll get over it , Stuart , just leave me alone . Mom , dad , I passed my finals ! Thanks , daddy , I love the gown too . I 'm still looking , mom , the economy just is n't there right now . This job is n't exactly what I wanted , but it 's the best I can do right now . I love this job ! I hate this job ! Mom , it 's nothing serious , we 're just dating . Mom , we 're getting married ! Mom , I got a new job ! I 'M PREGNANT ! You bought me a *home* ? I love you , Honey . Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey , can you fix the front door ? It 's a little loose . Honey , can you come help me with the baby ? Honey , can you pick up Todd from soccer practice ? Todd , you 're going to have a sister ! I just ca n't believe I lost my job . No , I did *NOT* sleep with Bill , what is your *problem* ? I do n't care , just *get out* ! I 'm sorry , too . I love you . We 're fine , mom , we 're just going through some things . Honey , do you want to take Todd to his friend 's house or stay and watch Annabel ? You got me a *car* for my birthday , honey ! ? Daddy , are you okay ? Daddy , the doctor said it was a minor heart attack and you can recover from it . Daddy , I 'm sorry I do n't talk to you and mom as often . I love you too , daddy . Did you hear , Honey ? Annabel is dating that Jared guy from her class . Todd , you will *not* associate with those guys , do you hear me ? Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . I love you , Todd . Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . Honey , can you go clean the gutters this Saturday ? Honey , can you take out the trash ? When you retire can we go to Hawaii ? Hawaii is so beautiful ! I love you , Honey . Mom ? Dad ... ? It 'll be okay , mom . Mom , we 'll take care of the funeral arrangements . Mom , want to go visit daddy today ? Mom , ready for your doctors appointment ? Good night , mom . Mom , wake up ! Honey , call 911 ! I 'm so proud of you , Todd . It was nice to see you again Annabel , I love you ! Tell the grand-kids we said hello ! Honey , it 's cold in here ! Honey , it 's hot in here ! Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey ! It 'll be okay , I just fell . No , my hip is fine . Can we visit my parents next week ? I want to leave flowers . 911 please hurry my husband is n't breathing he 's not breathing ! I 'm so glad you 're okay , honey . I love you . Todd , you 're getting married ? Annabel , your husband wants to surprise daddy with a fishing trip ! I love waking up next to you , too . I will always love you . I 'll be okay , I 'm just a little sick . I hate hospitals . Todd , I 'm so sorry I wo n't be there for Timmy 's 5th birthday . I 'm so proud of you , Annabel . Honey , please do n't cry . I 'm going to be okay , honey . It 's cold in here . I love you , honey . Good night . I 'll see you in the morning , I promise . <newline>
The groans were relentless all through the night . The same groans he remembered from their distaste of a dinner he had prepaid . It was a lullaby to his ears . Day two . A shit in the corner . A firearm resting just out of arm 's reach . A child 's dresser blockading the door , with the oldest single sized flimsy foam mattress resting up against a bed frame resting against the dresser . Within the bottom drawer was a bucket of Lego for weight . He had moved to this room after he was awoken by his son feasting on the fetus of his unborn daughter . It had only been a scratch . As he stood he lift a large bucket of Lego out of the bottom drawer of the dresser . As he shut the drawer with his shin he grabbed the one side of the dresser with both hands , he then flung the dresser aside as he stomped down with the leg used to close the dresser . The dresser toppling over the bed frame , shattering the window as it fell . He opened the door just enough so the dead may open it easily . He then turned his attention to the weapon behind him on the night stand . A pistol that was supposed to protect his family . Turning around again , gun in hand , he emptied the entire clip into the skull of his son . Without ammo the man turned his attention to his wife as she shambled into the room . She had almost been eaten in half . Her upper half wobbled , what remained seem insufficient to keep her vertical or as one piece . He stretched out his arms to embrace her . To embrace death . To walk eternally . With her .
” Hey Karen . 4 days . 4 more days and then I ’ ll be back . I ’ m coming home . 4 days until I have you in my arms again and can tell you all the things I want to tell you . I can hardly wait . Tomorrow we break from the front and we will pack up and head back to base . 2 days there with some reporting and goodbyes and then I ’ m heading stateside . If there isn ’ t a shindig planned for my homecoming I ’ ll be pissed . Neither of us wants that . If there is a grand homecoming party for me , I might overlook that Josh gave you a ride home from work last month , even though I thought I made it clear that you shouldn ’ t hang out with him . I mean… I was clear wasn ’ t I ? You SWORE Karen . You swore to me that you wouldn ’ t see him ever again outside of work and I believed you . I took you in my arms and comforted you . I kissed the lip you made me break and made it all better . We made love that night . It was beautiful , we both cried and were so very , very happy . I love you Karen and you love me too . I love you so much that I couldn ’ t bear seeing you with someone else and when I hear that he gave you a lift… It hurts so bad Karen . It hurts me to my core to think of someone else near you . I ’ ll kill him Karen . I ’ ll kill him and then I will kill you . I will make damn sure nobody ever gets near you but me . Is… We arrived in the trenches early on the morning of the 5th . I was the one who shot and killed Sergeant Mike Andersson ; your husband . When we cleaned out the trenches I saw this letter and reading it made me sick . I have never met you and I have no idea of who you or Josh is but if Sgt . Andersson here is anything like this letter suggests , I think this was for the best . Nothing I say can undo what I did . I have killed a person . A son and a husband . But I will hold this letters contents to be true , that way I can ease my mind and see it as saving a woman and a man who , I hope , will bring better days to this world than the ones Sgt . Andersson did . I wish you all the best and that you can forgive my actions this day . Sincerely yours , Private first class , Jessica Brown. ” <newline>
`` Here 's a fun tidbit for you . This is where some guy got excommunicated and split up the Greek Orthodox and the Roman Catholics . '' `` That 's relevant to something , I 'm sure , '' Sarah replied , idly splashing a hand into the fountain . Terra gave her a dirty look . `` We fly to Istanbul , we 've got a historic monument in spitting distance , and you do n't even wan na hear random Wikipedia facts ? '' `` I did n't say I did n't want to hear it . '' Sarah kept splashing her hand in the water . `` I just like this fountain , is all . '' `` I have a fountain exactly like that immediately outside my home , Sarah . '' `` I know . I just like this one . '' Terra realized she was n't going to win the discussion and gave up , pocketing her phone . `` Okay . What is it you like so much ? '' The question took her by surprise , and Sarah stopped skipping her hand on the water to try and formulate an answer . `` Well , the lighting is tasteful ... '' `` That is n't why , is it ? '' `` No , it 's just ... '' Sarah stumbled over her words , as she always did . `` It 's not mine , y'know ? '' `` Lots of things are n't yours . '' `` No , ugh ! '' Sarah gave Terra 's dirty look back . `` You see the coin down there ? In the water ? '' `` Yeah , I do , '' Terra confirmed , twisting her head to look at it . `` Do n't know the denomination . '' `` Well that 's not important . It 's just ... somebody threw that in there . And wished for something . And we 're so far from home , that ... I just ca n't imagine *what . * It just ... makes me curious . About them . '' For several minutes they sat in silence on the edge of the fountain , staring down at a single coin . The weight of a stranger 's wish kept their eyes away from the monument , and it seemed for a moment that it really was more important . Then the moment passed . `` Come on , '' Terra urged , standing up . `` Let 's go inside and have a look . '' Reluctantly Sarah was lead away , wishing only a moment longer to understand ; then the bustle of Istanbul consumed her , and the wish faded from her mind .
`` Hello , welcome to Waldos . Did you find everything you needed ? `` , I say numbly as I greet , what feels like , the thousandth customer of the day . I slap on my fake smile , per the usual routine , and continue on scanning the items . All I can think about is how this place needs a little fire in it . A little bit of , how do you say , sporadic revolt rising from deep within the proletariat grocery force . Stockers , cashiers , greeters and pharm techs unite ! The store is so tidy , sitting in all it 's autonomous oppression . The management oozes fascist tendencies as they constantly check in on our daily progress . `` So , bud , how are you doing today ? Are we whipping that scanner good ? No items missed , correct ? We can not be missing any items ! `` , my manager comes over with his fake ass giddy tone , firmly placing his cringe-worthy hands on my shoulder . He is about two more sentences from getting a plastic grocery bag wrapped around his fat head . `` It is going fine '' , I mumble back , eyes focusing on the computer , doing anything to avoid his soul sucking gaze . Some days , I just want to scan his head and scream back . `` IS EVERYTHING GOING GOOD IN YOUR HEAD TODAY ? ARE YOU STILL A FASCIST PIECE OF SHIT ? `` , but today is not the day . Tomorrow ... now , that is a different story . I look at my watch . Only ten minutes until my glorious in-house lunch special at subway . A foot long chicken breast on wheat , extra mayo with spicy mustard . No damn peppers please and if I have to repeat myself one time , I am going slap the glass so hard . I do not know what that would accomplish but do I know that it would feel good . As I sit in a booth in the back , the sticky table filled with accumulating germs from months of lousy cleaning , I plot out the revolution . First , we will walk in normal , ready to clock in another eight hours of misery . We will start our daily work load , each acting as if the grandeur of our plans are not set in motion . Then , it will happen . The cashiers will miss scan every item , each piece of store inventory slithering out the door like freed snakes from a brothel . You know , there are snakes in brothels ? Maybe ? Anyways , The backroom stockers will arrange the store in a mess , a days worth of work will turn into months worth of rearranging . The pharm techs will ... well , they will continue to do their job because we do not need blood on our hands , YET . I mean , literally , they could kill people if they mishandle their prescriptions As for me , I will run to the store intercom system and scream the war call of all oppressed , both past and present . `` THIS ... THIS IS OUR DAY . THE DAY WE REVOLT ! WORKERS , UNITE ! '' Then , I will quickly runaway to my car in the parking lot and head home to play some league of legends . I will climb ranked as high as I can , drinking energy drinks as I drift into a gaming induced coma . Everyone will get fired . Chaos will ensue and I , the lone reformist , will come back the hero after the massacre of store protocol . I 'll be manager of this communistic store before they even know what hit their massive elitist egos . Scan that shit you bastards . <newline>
Jerome hit the send button and slipped the phone into his pocket . He squinted his eyes up at the midday sky and waited . A minute passed , then two . He turned his gaze toward those around him , looking for any sign of change . Hurried looking men walked past without a glance , just as they did everyday . Silk ties flapping in the breeze , they filed in and out of the skyscrapers . He wondered how many of them would lose their jobs after today . Behind the beautiful glass , inside the concrete towers , how many of these men made their living on the suffering of others . Click , click , click . On the other side of the sidewalk a pair of heels dug themselves into the concrete , effortlessly gliding along . The heels led up to a pair of long and shapely legs , and a beautiful woman . Everything about the woman was designer made , the oversized sunglasses , the undersized skirt , even the paper bags she carried . He ’ d never seen her before in his life , all the same he felt like he ’ d seen her everyday for the last five years . She was the type that would go into the stores with the huge crystal windows and come out carrying load of bags . of course , making extra sure the names on the sides of the bags were prominently displayed . She wouldn ’ t give him a dime , she would n't even give him smile , but still he watched her as she walked . To his surprise she stopped right in front of him . His heart skipped a beat . Maybe she would put her bags down , take the sunglasses off , and see him . If this woman could see through the dirty clothes , see through the unkempt beard , and see him for what he truly was , a fellow human being , her brother , he knew his wish had come true . Instead he saw why she had stopped . A family of tourist had poured out of a yellow cab , and was now blocking the flow of foot traffic . They gaped up , trying to see the tops of the immense buildings , camera phones at the ready . The woman , whose face had been beautiful and elegant a second before , scowled . She silently pushed her way through with all the grace of a rhinoceros . She hadn ’ t seen Jerome , and he would never see her again . Eyes on the ground , Jerome felt like a fool . He stared at the cardboard he was sitting on and tried to drown out the noise . But , through everything , through the footsteps and the sirens , through the endless car horns , and the buzz of a million people , he heard a single noise , -CLANK- . He looked up , and saw a small girl , no more than six years old . She had blonde hair , bright as the sun . Cheeks so rosy they looked like candy apples . She had dropped a single quarter into his tin can . He wanted to smile at her , but he didn ’ t want to scare her , he was missing so many teeth . He wanted to hug her , to tell her that his wish had been for her . He had wished for a better future for her , for every little girl , and little boy , and man and woman in the world . He had wished for peace . But then a man came up , and grabbed the little girl by the arm . “ Susie , what are you doing ? Come here. ” He dragged her away . Jerome looked down once again , “ Thank you . ” he muttered . It had all been a lie , the dream , the phone , everything . He reached into his pocket , half expecting it to be empty . The phone was in his hand , and he wondered if he was going insane . Thinking back to the previous night , everything was so clear in his mind , it wasn ’ t just any dream . He remembered waking up in the middle of the night . A voice , thunderous , yet silent , full of power , so much so that he wanted to cower in fear , yet so loving , so caring , “ JEROME , JEROME , WAKE UP. ” Immediately his eyes had opened , and he was standing . He felt awake . Awake like he had never felt before . Most of all he remembered the silence . The city around him was empty , not a single person or car to be seen . The buildings were dark , the streets deserted , as if it had been abandoned a century before , no , a minute before . In that moment the most intense light he had ever seen in his life shone above him . So intense was the light that it pushed him to the ground . The light pushed him down and went through him . The light was in his body and in his mind . He squeezed his eyes shut so tightly it hurt , but never before had he seen such brightness . He had fallen to the ground , and in that moment he felt a presence in front of him . It had spoken to him . “ YOU AMONG MANY HAVE BEEN CHOSEN . AM , WHO SENT ME , HAS DELIVERED ONTO YOU , THE FATE OF THIS WORLD . I GIVE TO YOU THIS CELLPHONE . YOU ARE TO SEND ONE REQUEST . AM , WHO CREATES AND DESTROYS , WHO GIVES AND TAKES AWAY , WILL GRANT IT. ” Then the words had stopped , and he felt the presence leave , and the light fade . With the fading of the light , he had slipped out of consciousness . When he awoke , it was daytime . The city was just as it always had been , buzzing with life and activity . The only change was that in his pocket , he found something that had not been there the day before , a cellphone . Jerome had been living on the streets for five years , but he knew what cell phones were in style , and this was not one of them . It was rectangular , with a small green screen , and face buttons . The buttons were the numbers one through zero , with letters under each , and a space symbol under the zero . On top of the numbered buttons , right under the screen , was a green button , “ Send ” . It looked , obsolete , like something Nokia had released in 1999 . The screen had one thing written in small-digitized letters , “ Write Message : ” Jerome had known what he had to do . He typed , “ May God bless the world with peace. ” and hit send . That had been fifteen minutes ago , but nothing seemed to have changed . Jerome stared at the phone . “ I wonder what peace even looks like ? ” he thought , as he saw the little girl ’ s family walking away . “ God bless you ! ” He yelled after them . At that moment two things happened at the exact same time . Jerome felt something hit him on his head , and he saw a small object fall down the sky and straight into someone ’ s mouth . One of the tourists that had been staring wide-mouthed at the giant buildings was now convulsing on the sidewalk and clutching at his throat . In the confusion , half the crowd rushed towards him , while the other half tried to get away , leaving everyone stuck . What no one seemed to notice was that the sky had gotten considerably darker . At that moment it opened up , and unleashed the most intense hailstorm Jerome had ever seen . Everyone dispersed , and the choking tourist was dragged away to cover . Not believing that a hailstorm had broken out in the middle of summer , Jerome stood up , and realized it wasn ’ t hail at all . There were small orbs falling from the sky . Thousands , millions of them , smashing into the concrete and splattering into green goo . There were so many of them that Jerome could barely see . “ What the hell is this ? ” he thought . ‘ These things look like… ” Gripping the phone , he ran as fast as he could for cover , being pelted as he went . Pushing his way through a glass door , he found himself in the lobby of one of the buildings and surrounded by people screaming , staring in disbelief at the sight outside . They were all covered in the green goo . Jerome pressed one of the buttons on the phone , and scanned the screen . He read the message , read it again . “ May God bless the world with… ” “ peas. ” Jerome ’ s body slumped to the ground , the phone slipping from his hand . For forty days and forty nights peas fell on New York City . Many decades later , when the history books were being written , when the media frenzy had subsided , after every last scientist had been baffled , and the Great Pea War was over , a unit of the US Army returned to the spot where Jerome had fallen . As they cleared debris , preparing for the arrival of the first re-settlers of Manhattan Island , they found the skeleton of a middle aged , African-American man . It had been pea-fossilized after decades of burial , and identification was impossible . But next to the remains they found an old phone , a relic of a by gone era . Somehow it still turned on , and on the screen were the words : “ Message delivered . Auto-correct : On ” .
In front of him , a man laid down , panting , drenched in sweat , like he ran the run of his life . He did . On his desk , two or three phones were ringing . He did n't care . He knew what was happening . The United States of America were on the verge of destruction . He had n't see it coming . Not on this scale . The threats from the Talibans had been addressed too lightly . And now , he had to deal with the consequence . Facing the most difficult choice in his life , the President decided to cross the line . Morality had no word to say in this case . He took the mobile phone in the interior pocket of his jacket , and made a brief call , before putting it back in the pocket . The Operation was launched . The man who was lying down seconds ago was now standing on his two feet , but still in a state of exhaustation . The President did not care about that , and started walking outside of the Office , urging him to follow his steps . The man executed his order . They passed a group of clueless guards . The guards tried to accompany the President and his man , but he made clear he did n't need protection . Soon enough , the President and the man were standing in front of a wardrobe , on the end of a rarely frequented corridor of the White House . Instead of opening the doors of the piece of furniture , he put his hand over the top of it , and struggled for a second or two before he heard a little click , and then a much louder click . Only after the latter he opened the wardrobe , which revealed a passage for a hidden room . The President entered the newly opened room , and the man followed , not asking any question . On a wall , hundreds of monitors were showing different places in America . In the streets , into the buildings of Wall Street , every important place of the United States were displayed on the screens . On the center of the room , a long armchair , which looked like a dentist 's chair , was waiting for someone to connect the helmet device lying on a table right next to it . A scientist ( the man presumed , by his white blouse ) welcomed the President . He warned him about `` precautions '' , `` responsability '' and `` not ready to be used '' , but the President did n't listen . He did n't have time . In minutes , America would fall into chaos . The scientist flayed his arms , trying to stop the President . The most important man in the world pulled off a gun from his jacket , and fired at the scientist . A huge red hole appeared on his head . The man was petrified . The President just killed someone in cold blood right in front of him . And now he was staring at him . He was daring him to stop him . The man did n't move . The President stopped watching at the man , and sit on the armchair . He put the helmet device on his head . On it , there was a switch . He flicked it on `` ON '' . Huge electric arcs burst out of the helmet , electrocuting the President . Or so it seemed . Somehow , he did n't look like he was suffering . He looked in control . His hands were gripping tightly on the arms of the chair . On the screen , the pictures changed . They were now showing the insides of planes . Men in black and armed with guns , threatening the life of the passengers , but also those of millions of Americans . The man did not understand . But he did not ask questions . Because it was how he was taught . Suddenly , the electric arcs intensified . The man looked at the screens , and little by little , the men in black seemed to disappear . Like erased from reality . The President was clenching his teeth . Now he looked in pain . But he kept going . The man understood he was the reason the terrorists were being removed from history . The device , he did not know what it was . All he knew is that it was saving America from impending deaths . Eventually , the President lost his self-control . He screamed in pain . But he kept going . The man could not believe his eyes . The man who had it all , money , glory and power , was sacrificing himself and his incredible life , and he could only watch him , helpless , thinking about how he could never do that . The room was shaking . It was going to explode . The President knew that . The man knew it too . He shouted him his last words , before ordering him to go . The man nodded , and ran towards the exit , without turning back . He ran . He heard an explosion . The blast propulsed him into the wall , and he lost consciousness . When he woke up , he was surrounded by a dozen of guards , holding him in the line of fire . He stood up slowly , and spoke . `` The President died for us . People must never know . Take me to the surgeon . I have to replace him . This was his last will . Do it now . '' The guards would have never agree in normal conditions . But under all this confusion , they followed the only one who gave orders . -- - `` Finally , even after two terms , I was never able to be like him '' , said George W. Bush to his confident , a man who gained his trust and to whom he revealed the truth . `` He was selfless , daring , and ... just great , all around . '' The confident nodded . For receiving all the praise the new Bush repeatedly gave to the original during those last ten years , the original must have truly been a great man . `` I was never rich . When I replaced him , I had everything he had . The money . I lost track of what was important in this world . I failed him . '' The sadness in his voice really hurt the confident . George W. Bush was a great friend of him . Even if some of his decisions were really debatable , he was a good person . He tried his best to succeed to his mentor when he was not qualified enough . But with courage , he did it . He worked hard . The people around him were toxic , though . They manipulated him like a puppet , and the confident could only watch it from the shadow he belonged to . `` Do you think he hates me , from where he is ? '' The confident saw George 's teary eyes and his begging for an answer . So he answered truthfully and honestly . `` He 's probably disappointed with some of the choices you made . '' This answer was devastating for W. But the confident did n't stop there , and continued . `` But he knows you 've done your best . I do n't think I know anyone who would be capable of going through what you 've been . You have overcome his expectations by a far margin . I 've already told you , George . You 're a hero , in your own way . '' George W. Bush laughed . The words of his confident had had the healing power he needed . Maybe he exaggerated the toughness of the situation , but still , he felt much better after having heard those moving thoughts of his best friend . The confident glanced over his watch . `` It 's 9 . I have to go . '' `` Until next time , friend '' , said George . The confident left the ranch of the ex-President . He sighed . `` Surviving the explosion was the best thing that happened to me . Maybe not for America , but thanks to you , I was able to free myself from this inevitable march for power I hated so much . Thank you , new George . '' The original opened the driver door of a Cadillac DTS , attached his seat belt , and drove off to his home .
What began as a way to be appreciated , Became something much more dark and shaded , A man to stop those who would agress , Became a sociopathic mess , And those who knew him all too well , Could see the soul they ’ d loved was now a hollow shell , A symbol for hope , in praise he was showered , But was twisted and devoured by his own power , Yet the ones from afar who ’ d give their praise , Refused to recognize his cruel dark ways , “ I mean , yeah , he has a tendency towards decapitation , But sometimes that ’ s just what it takes to restore a nation ”
Dark blue ebbs smoothly back and forth in your mind . Here and firm , away and soft . Blue , blue . Blue , blue . Over the blue , a curl of summer breeze passes by , and you smell baking bread . The blue is here , the blue is away . The breeze picks up and ruffles your hair , sharp lemon , with a twist of sweet . A friend claps a hand on your shoulder . A bright rose blooms in the garden . Heat from the sun . The straw thatch on the roof , and the scent of hay carried by the breeze . The blue , the blue , the blue ... The wind has gone dry . It wears at your face , abrasive and heat and a long , long journey . You see the sun sink beyond the dunes , orange and dull , and the night is cold . The blue is gone , and your lips are cracked . You shiver . Daylight is a distant dream . Heavy weights in your knapsack , and your aching shoulders . Emptiness . Slowly , carefully , the blue is back , but paler now . It 's thin and wispy , and it dances across your brow . The blue , the blue - soft as butterflies ' wings on your eyelids . Digging into cool sand with your fingers , fine and smooth and satisfying . An hourglass streaming from your lifted hand . Methodical , meditative , polished round stones . Dark blue again , and the night breeze on your neck . Starlight . The curious blue as you rise to your feet , compressing cool sand . You walk , you walk , the journey goes . Blue and cool and air in your lungs . The city emerges from the horizon . Soft dawn , taupe and sunrise blush . Blue nudges at your elbows . Blue , and the warming breeze . The familiar outline of stones on the path . The smell of baking bread , the scent of roses . Blue , blue ... You are home . You are home . <newline>
Glahdg . Barliajh in dah ! Da ! Mine ! Daddy ! Mine ! Mommy ! It 's not FAIR ! CAN I HAVE A CANDY ! ? HE HIT ME FIRST ! MINE ! Thanks , mommy . I love you , Daddy . Can we go to Mcdonalds ? Can I spend the night at Jenny 's house ? Can I have a computer ? Can I have a phone ? Mom , do n't kiss me in front of my friends ! Dad , we 're going to be late to the birthday party ! Did you hear about Sarah ? She kissed that boy in her class ! Hey , look at that cute boy . Mom , can I *pleaaaase* wear makeup now ? Oh , my god , Daryl asked me to the prom ! Daddy , look at my makeup ! Daddy , look at my dress ! DAD , I 'M GETTING DRESSED ! Mom , I need to go shopping for bras ! I promise I 'll visit in the summer and on breaks , mom ! I love you too , daddy ! Yes , I got everything I need for my classes . Yes , I promise I wo n't go crazy like all of the other college girls . I ca n't have this baby , Stuart ! I do n't CARE ! YOU were the one that did n't wear the condom ! I 'm okay , mom , I 'm just a little bit upset . No , everything is fine . Yes , I 'm here to see Doctor Helmack ? I 'll get over it , Stuart , just leave me alone . Mom , dad , I passed my finals ! Thanks , daddy , I love the gown too . I 'm still looking , mom , the economy just is n't there right now . This job is n't exactly what I wanted , but it 's the best I can do right now . I love this job ! I hate this job ! Mom , it 's nothing serious , we 're just dating . Mom , we 're getting married ! Mom , I got a new job ! I 'M PREGNANT ! You bought me a *home* ? I love you , Honey . Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey , can you fix the front door ? It 's a little loose . Honey , can you come help me with the baby ? Honey , can you pick up Todd from soccer practice ? Todd , you 're going to have a sister ! I just ca n't believe I lost my job . No , I did *NOT* sleep with Bill , what is your *problem* ? I do n't care , just *get out* ! I 'm sorry , too . I love you . We 're fine , mom , we 're just going through some things . Honey , do you want to take Todd to his friend 's house or stay and watch Annabel ? You got me a *car* for my birthday , honey ! ? Daddy , are you okay ? Daddy , the doctor said it was a minor heart attack and you can recover from it . Daddy , I 'm sorry I do n't talk to you and mom as often . I love you too , daddy . Did you hear , Honey ? Annabel is dating that Jared guy from her class . Todd , you will *not* associate with those guys , do you hear me ? Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . I love you , Todd . Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . Honey , can you go clean the gutters this Saturday ? Honey , can you take out the trash ? When you retire can we go to Hawaii ? Hawaii is so beautiful ! I love you , Honey . Mom ? Dad ... ? It 'll be okay , mom . Mom , we 'll take care of the funeral arrangements . Mom , want to go visit daddy today ? Mom , ready for your doctors appointment ? Good night , mom . Mom , wake up ! Honey , call 911 ! I 'm so proud of you , Todd . It was nice to see you again Annabel , I love you ! Tell the grand-kids we said hello ! Honey , it 's cold in here ! Honey , it 's hot in here ! Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey ! It 'll be okay , I just fell . No , my hip is fine . Can we visit my parents next week ? I want to leave flowers . 911 please hurry my husband is n't breathing he 's not breathing ! I 'm so glad you 're okay , honey . I love you . Todd , you 're getting married ? Annabel , your husband wants to surprise daddy with a fishing trip ! I love waking up next to you , too . I will always love you . I 'll be okay , I 'm just a little sick . I hate hospitals . Todd , I 'm so sorry I wo n't be there for Timmy 's 5th birthday . I 'm so proud of you , Annabel . Honey , please do n't cry . I 'm going to be okay , honey . It 's cold in here . I love you , honey . Good night . I 'll see you in the morning , I promise . <newline>
part 2 `` Of course audio and video . '' He handed me a pair of headphones . `` Put these on . '' I pulled the headphones over my ears but could n't hear anything . `` Okay here we are , '' he continued , `` I know the body cam video 's not the best so let me talk you through what you 're seeing here . Okay the agent 's at the door . He says he 's there for a bleach job . This is where your stuff works its magic . Even though they do n't know him from Adam , it seems pretty clear he 's one of them . And ... .he 's in ... .. See ? what 'd I tell you ? TV just sitting there ... .. Sound 's not even on probably . '' The General grabbed a nearby headset and put one of the speakers to his ear . `` Hey Grey ! Can we get that sound through over here ! ? '' He turned back toward the screen `` ..bleach everywhere.. '' he said addressing me again . The headphones crackled and I could hear the audio line from the agent 's wire . The general was right I did n't hear the TV , just some music , and pretty unpopular stuff from the sound of it . I could hear some talking , the agent assuring one of them he was n't a cop . Wow , it looked like the house was full of them , just sitting around with no phones , nothing . Several of them were going back and forth about something . I could n't make out what they were talking about , but it sounded pretty stupid and pointless whatever it was . At least one of them I could see seemed to be sitting off by herself reading what looked like a paper book . Most of those I could make out in the video feed were in various stages of growing out black market bleach jobs ; the one closest to the camera had at least two inches of dark , black growth under platinum blonde crowns . These people did n't look as dangerous as they did sad and bored . The agent appeared to be sitting down . It looked like they were covering him with something . The image went white . The General looked up from the screen and addressed the room : `` Do we have a problem ? '' `` No sir . '' one of the civilian technicians answered . `` It appears to be a cloth for the bleach , we still have audio though . '' `` Alright put that through on the main speakers . '' `` Yes sir . '' I took off the headset . The control room was filled with sounds from the bleach house . I could hear what must have been the self-styled beautician talking to the agent : `` ... want anything to read while you wait ? This stuff has to sit for a- '' There was a half second of silence then `` HE 'S GOT ROOTS ! ! '' The video and audio feed then erupted into utter chaos . The agent must have thrown off the sheet because we had video again , but it was hard to make out exactly what I was seeing . People were all over the place ; I could hear glass shattering , what I think were gun shots , then some screaming . `` Grey , cut the audio . '' The general yelled behind me . `` Sorry , it gets to be too much and you ca n't really make anything out anyway ... but we need a record of some sort for official reasons . Anyway there you have it sir , the rest is just clean-up . Occasionally there 's a minor incident with neighbors or family members , they get upset and then themselves resist arrest . '' I looked at the screen . The agent wearing the body cam appeared to be out of the house and running through the street `` So what happens to them all now ? '' `` Well , the ones that do n't forfeit their right to trial by resisting arrest , get taken to a regional processing center . Every now and again one of them knows something , but most of the time it 's pointless even talking to them . You start to learn that they 're a real entitled bunch and they think they have some kind of rights . We hold on to them for a while then we hand them off . You know they ca n't be rehabilitated and they only cause problems if you let them roam free . Ca n't send them anywhere because frankly nobody wants them , but it 's a waste spending tax payers ' hard earned money on incarcerating them , so ca n't lock 'em up either ... . but we hand them off and the administration handles it . You have any other questions ? '' `` No . '' I glanced back at the screen . Oh damn ! Somebody was getting the shit beat out of him . All I could see was the agent 's fists wailing on what was left of some kid 's face . There was blood everywhere ; It was like a goddamn video game up there ! `` I just want to tell you that this has actually been really interesting . I 'm really glad I came . '' `` *We're* glad you came . '' One of those guys in expensive suits now standing next to another officer in front of the glass office gestured to the General . `` I just want to say again how much an honor it has been being able to show you how your technology is being applied to save lives . '' Grey came over with what was possibly a laptop case and gave it to the general , `` Unfortunately , I 'm going to have to cut this a little shorter than expected , but I 'm going to leave you in the very capable hands of Mr. Grey here , he can answer any questions you may come up with . Take care of him Grey . '' Grey pulled his hair out of his eyes again and smiled . `` Yes sir . '' The general held out his hand `` Mr. Randolph , is has been a pleasure to meet you . '' `` The pleasure has been all mine , sir '' I responded . We shook hands then he walked off toward the office . `` Wow , '' I said to Grey `` that guy really knows his stuff . '' `` Yeah , I do n't know where we 'd be without him.. this country I mean . '' Grey sat down at the empty terminal next to mine . Up close I could see that he was actually a bit older than I had placed him before , maybe 22 or 23 . `` I hope you do n't mind me asking , '' he said looking at the blank monitor in front of him , `` but did you have any idea when you came up with the dye how important it 'd be . '' `` To be honest , not really . I made the first batch because I thought it 'd be funny to be an old fashioned climate scientist for Halloween . To be honest , I never even figured for anybody wanting the stuff outside of using it for something like that . I mean who 'd want to want around looking like a PC libtard ? '' I looked at the screen again . The ruckus had pretty much calmed down now . The agent was back inside the house . Looked like most of the darkies were either dead or in cuffs . `` Think I can see it now though . Dye 's pretty goddamn important . ''
I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ? Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo n't sleep . The support worker wakes me around 5am telling me it 's time so I gather the others to say their last goodbyes and as we enter I see her turn her head towards us and she 's there . I mean , all of her . I see my mom in her eyes again . `` Mom ? '' `` Help me sit up '' she says and turns herself over . We rush to her side and dangle her legs over the edge of the bed . My sisters and I acting as bumper pads on all sides of her . My mother looks around at all of us with every possible human emotion registering on her face at once . And with a shaky voice she says the first clear headed thing she has said in 3 years and the last she 'll utter for the rest of her life . `` All my girls ! Oh thank you god . Thank you ! ! '' And I know that she has heard us , that she was at peace , that we were all to her what she was to all of us and that will never be lost to me . Goodbye mum . See you soon .
`` Hello , welcome to Waldos . Did you find everything you needed ? `` , I say numbly as I greet , what feels like , the thousandth customer of the day . I slap on my fake smile , per the usual routine , and continue on scanning the items . All I can think about is how this place needs a little fire in it . A little bit of , how do you say , sporadic revolt rising from deep within the proletariat grocery force . Stockers , cashiers , greeters and pharm techs unite ! The store is so tidy , sitting in all it 's autonomous oppression . The management oozes fascist tendencies as they constantly check in on our daily progress . `` So , bud , how are you doing today ? Are we whipping that scanner good ? No items missed , correct ? We can not be missing any items ! `` , my manager comes over with his fake ass giddy tone , firmly placing his cringe-worthy hands on my shoulder . He is about two more sentences from getting a plastic grocery bag wrapped around his fat head . `` It is going fine '' , I mumble back , eyes focusing on the computer , doing anything to avoid his soul sucking gaze . Some days , I just want to scan his head and scream back . `` IS EVERYTHING GOING GOOD IN YOUR HEAD TODAY ? ARE YOU STILL A FASCIST PIECE OF SHIT ? `` , but today is not the day . Tomorrow ... now , that is a different story . I look at my watch . Only ten minutes until my glorious in-house lunch special at subway . A foot long chicken breast on wheat , extra mayo with spicy mustard . No damn peppers please and if I have to repeat myself one time , I am going slap the glass so hard . I do not know what that would accomplish but do I know that it would feel good . As I sit in a booth in the back , the sticky table filled with accumulating germs from months of lousy cleaning , I plot out the revolution . First , we will walk in normal , ready to clock in another eight hours of misery . We will start our daily work load , each acting as if the grandeur of our plans are not set in motion . Then , it will happen . The cashiers will miss scan every item , each piece of store inventory slithering out the door like freed snakes from a brothel . You know , there are snakes in brothels ? Maybe ? Anyways , The backroom stockers will arrange the store in a mess , a days worth of work will turn into months worth of rearranging . The pharm techs will ... well , they will continue to do their job because we do not need blood on our hands , YET . I mean , literally , they could kill people if they mishandle their prescriptions As for me , I will run to the store intercom system and scream the war call of all oppressed , both past and present . `` THIS ... THIS IS OUR DAY . THE DAY WE REVOLT ! WORKERS , UNITE ! '' Then , I will quickly runaway to my car in the parking lot and head home to play some league of legends . I will climb ranked as high as I can , drinking energy drinks as I drift into a gaming induced coma . Everyone will get fired . Chaos will ensue and I , the lone reformist , will come back the hero after the massacre of store protocol . I 'll be manager of this communistic store before they even know what hit their massive elitist egos . Scan that shit you bastards . <newline>
Dear Dirary , Apparently I 'm a god now . But before being a god , I was just an adventurer . I guess that 's what I 'd call it ? I 'd go on adventures . Me , some friends , solving problems and slaying monsters . It was pretty fun , not extremely rewarding but job prospects are n't exactly great in my village . Just various shades of merchant - Oh , and one bartender . Anyway , I went on a particular adventure not long ago and things got pretty hectic . Our group was pretty tight though , we handled things well given the circumstances . We had Tess , my childhood friend and our white magic user ; Edwin , this total dick from the village who just happens to be amazing with a spear ; Slops , a wise , respected old knight who for some reason stuck with the nickname `` Slops '' ; and Ren , a mysterious , extremely powerful Elf mage , reformed villain and all-round great guy . We also had this Lycan with us , Rex . He was cool but at some point he got turned into an *actual* wolf and sort of wandered off in the woods . To cut a long story short : We were tracking a big bad guy hellbent on world annihilation , and for some reason we were the only people trying to stop that from happening . Not sure why . Along the way , we burned down an evil , living castle ; hung out with some ghosts ; discovered an underwater cult which we also , somehow , burned down ; and a bunch of other stuff . Ren actually revealed he was working for the big bad at one point and he killed Slops . Well , the heart attack killed Slops . We were all pretty shocked because Ren is just an awesome guy . He totally came back and saved us near the end though , which was great . Shame about Slops . The world actually got destroyed in some way , like three times . But we fixed it , somehow - I do n't know the specifics . Magic stuff . Ren 's the guy to ask if you want the know-how . At some point during the final , world-saving battle I was legally dead for about 12 minutes . I had a run in with some entity that rules the cosmos , and he declared me a god . I think that sort of spurred me on to kill the evil villain in the end , to be fair . Anyway , that was yesterday . I just sort of slept on it . It does n't feel much different being a god , to be honest with you . Not sure what I 'm supposed to be doing . I 've tried answering prayers , but I was n't hearing any of them . I also ca n't shoot fireballs - I think . I tried smiting the shit out of Edwin , but I 'm not sure if it worked . He 's such a dick . I 'm gon na meet Ren in a bit ... Just to , y'know , hang out . Maybe he knows a bit about this god stuff because he knows a lot of things . Such a cool guy . I might see what Tess is up to , but she 's probably with Edwin and he 'll cramp mine and Ren 's style . What a dick . So , Diary , that was my week . Sorry I did n't write for a while - I was saving the world ! Hehe . I 'll update when I 've figured out this godhood business . I honestly have no idea what I 'm doing . Bye !
Glahdg . Barliajh in dah ! Da ! Mine ! Daddy ! Mine ! Mommy ! It 's not FAIR ! CAN I HAVE A CANDY ! ? HE HIT ME FIRST ! MINE ! Thanks , mommy . I love you , Daddy . Can we go to Mcdonalds ? Can I spend the night at Jenny 's house ? Can I have a computer ? Can I have a phone ? Mom , do n't kiss me in front of my friends ! Dad , we 're going to be late to the birthday party ! Did you hear about Sarah ? She kissed that boy in her class ! Hey , look at that cute boy . Mom , can I *pleaaaase* wear makeup now ? Oh , my god , Daryl asked me to the prom ! Daddy , look at my makeup ! Daddy , look at my dress ! DAD , I 'M GETTING DRESSED ! Mom , I need to go shopping for bras ! I promise I 'll visit in the summer and on breaks , mom ! I love you too , daddy ! Yes , I got everything I need for my classes . Yes , I promise I wo n't go crazy like all of the other college girls . I ca n't have this baby , Stuart ! I do n't CARE ! YOU were the one that did n't wear the condom ! I 'm okay , mom , I 'm just a little bit upset . No , everything is fine . Yes , I 'm here to see Doctor Helmack ? I 'll get over it , Stuart , just leave me alone . Mom , dad , I passed my finals ! Thanks , daddy , I love the gown too . I 'm still looking , mom , the economy just is n't there right now . This job is n't exactly what I wanted , but it 's the best I can do right now . I love this job ! I hate this job ! Mom , it 's nothing serious , we 're just dating . Mom , we 're getting married ! Mom , I got a new job ! I 'M PREGNANT ! You bought me a *home* ? I love you , Honey . Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey , can you fix the front door ? It 's a little loose . Honey , can you come help me with the baby ? Honey , can you pick up Todd from soccer practice ? Todd , you 're going to have a sister ! I just ca n't believe I lost my job . No , I did *NOT* sleep with Bill , what is your *problem* ? I do n't care , just *get out* ! I 'm sorry , too . I love you . We 're fine , mom , we 're just going through some things . Honey , do you want to take Todd to his friend 's house or stay and watch Annabel ? You got me a *car* for my birthday , honey ! ? Daddy , are you okay ? Daddy , the doctor said it was a minor heart attack and you can recover from it . Daddy , I 'm sorry I do n't talk to you and mom as often . I love you too , daddy . Did you hear , Honey ? Annabel is dating that Jared guy from her class . Todd , you will *not* associate with those guys , do you hear me ? Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . I love you , Todd . Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . Honey , can you go clean the gutters this Saturday ? Honey , can you take out the trash ? When you retire can we go to Hawaii ? Hawaii is so beautiful ! I love you , Honey . Mom ? Dad ... ? It 'll be okay , mom . Mom , we 'll take care of the funeral arrangements . Mom , want to go visit daddy today ? Mom , ready for your doctors appointment ? Good night , mom . Mom , wake up ! Honey , call 911 ! I 'm so proud of you , Todd . It was nice to see you again Annabel , I love you ! Tell the grand-kids we said hello ! Honey , it 's cold in here ! Honey , it 's hot in here ! Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey ! It 'll be okay , I just fell . No , my hip is fine . Can we visit my parents next week ? I want to leave flowers . 911 please hurry my husband is n't breathing he 's not breathing ! I 'm so glad you 're okay , honey . I love you . Todd , you 're getting married ? Annabel , your husband wants to surprise daddy with a fishing trip ! I love waking up next to you , too . I will always love you . I 'll be okay , I 'm just a little sick . I hate hospitals . Todd , I 'm so sorry I wo n't be there for Timmy 's 5th birthday . I 'm so proud of you , Annabel . Honey , please do n't cry . I 'm going to be okay , honey . It 's cold in here . I love you , honey . Good night . I 'll see you in the morning , I promise . <newline>
Drinking would n't help him , but he sat down at the bar in the ballroom all the same . It was busily being prepared by the worker bees who 'd been hired to make sure the most joyous and wonderful union about to take place would do so with the utmost perfection . His head was pounding . It was pounding harder now than it had when he 'd woken up six hours ago , two hours late for Groomsman photo 's his best friend had sworn would not take place without him . `` Fucking Gatorade '' he muttered to himself . `` Only got the regular kind , Jack '' said an approaching bar tender . David hated bartender talk . He did n't look at him but just said `` Whiskey , double , clean '' . The bartender nodded and went to fix his drink . It was ready quite before David had expected it to be . Where it was usually a fork in the road between a path of drinking and not drinking , David only saw one path with many drinks along the way . He 'd either numb the pain or it would come slurring out of him at some point . It was up in the air . `` That 'll be 18 buck-aroos , buckaroo '' the bartender said . David looked at him but said nothing . It was supposed to be an open bar . A gift from the grave of the brides father and the bank account that held the trust fund he 'd left her . The thought revealed a memory from the night before ... and it stung . 'What kind of idiot sends a 200 dollar wreath to a headstone ' he thought himself pathetically . 'The same kind who spends the night watching the Kiera Knightley-Rick from the Walking Dead scenes from Love , Actually on a drunken loop all night long ' , he answered his thought . He sat there sadly and quietly for a moment . He needed a change of subject but the weed he 'd smoked before arriving for the photo 's in an effort to cover up his hangover was currently back firing on him . Instead of dulling the pain of his headache and the relaxing him , he 'd ended up with a smokers head ache swimming in an ocean of tortured thoughts . 'What a poetic mother fucker ' , he thought . 'Shakespeare would shit himself ' . The bartender was approaching at just the moment the whiskey he 'd shot down was affecting him just . No doubt he noticed an empty glass and walked over to refill it . `` I thought the bar was open ... .asshole '' he said . Anger swirling inside him . The bartender did n't seem phased by the drunken shit talking . The consummate professional . `` Open for the reception . Do you see a reception going on in here ... asshole '' the bar tender said with a slight edge in his voice . 'He better watch his ass or I 'll use that edge to slit his throat ' David thought maliciously . `` Look , man '' David pleaded `` I had an unfortunate wreathing accident last night ... I 'm a little short on funds ... so you know ... '' but before David could finish the bar tender walked away . `` Fine '' David shouted at him . He reached for his wallet , grabbed his card and held it out for the bar tender who turned around and took it without another word . `` Keep it open '' he muttered . The words were like magic and for the next hour , David 's glass would refill upon emptying . The night slowly started bleeding into itself and David remembered more than once shouting `` This is like some Harry Potter shit or something , man '' to which the bar tender would nod and pour him another . Soon the pounding headache was gone and David felt very little . Idea 's started swarming in his head like killer bee 's . He 'd struck gold . Found the honey . Whatever the fuck it was he knew what he had to do . Time was a of the essence . If David could read the clock he 'd know that he had only 10 minutes to report to his friends dressing room . Instead he yelled furiously for the bartender to bring him a sharpie and some napkins . He was n't quite sure what he 'd been expecting when he barked the order , but the bartender never came with a sharpie or with any napkins . Improvising wildly , David walked up to the first waitress he saw wearing lipstick . `` Your lipstick , I need it '' he shouted in her face . A drizzle of saliva and a wave of alcohol coming off of his breath . Miraculously the waitress did as she was asked . David had never felt more like a Terminator . He walked over to the bar . It was a lot further away then he 'd remembered it being and for some reason there were two of them now and the bar tender 's twin brother had showed up to help serve drinks . The night was on his side , he thought as he furiously searched for and began to write on a napkin . He was done quickly and as he reviewed his note he realized he would need music , but time was off the essence . He stood up and began running to the direction of the bride 's dressing room . Pulling out his phone and searching for that Say Anything song that he knew would seal the deal . He was moving faster than he 'd ever moved before . A path was clearing for him . People were cheering 'Stop Stop Stop ' and he would n't . He never could . He found his way in front of the Bride 's dressing room floor , by now another song had come onto the play list . He did n't care , it was time . He knocked on the door . People in the hallway were looking at him like he was pounding on it . Clearly subtlety was invisible to the sober mind . She answered it . Dressed all in white , hair done to perfection , she looked like an angel . `` David '' she asked with a laugh , confused but not angry . `` What 's going on ? '' . Now was his moment . It was his time . He was like Rick in the Walking Dead in Love , Actually and she was the girl he talked to that was n't in the Walking Dead but was in Pirates of the Caribbean and Love , Actually . He 'd forgotten her name and suddenly his plan was going to shit ... what was it ... what was it ? `` NATALIE PORTMAN '' he shouted in her face , alcohol and spit hitting her like it had the waitress who 'd supplied him with the lipstick . `` That 's who you are and I 'm Rick . Ok , we 're them and we could- '' he stopped talking . A familiar feeling was creeping itself up . Slowly from the pit of his stomach , up his throat and entering his mouth . It was pure evil and Rick- David- whatever the fuck his name is could n't stop it . Before she could get out the words 'your drunk ' , David vomited all over the blushing bride to be .
Carnival music seemed to dance in the background . A cacophony of color and knick knacks decorated the fairgrounds . It was just another day at the carnival . I sit at my stand reading another old junky sci-fi novel . “ So how much to see it ? ” Some pre-teen girl interrupted my book with her piercing voice . I sigh towards her and lean in . “ Ten dollars , just like the sign says. ” “ And it works ? ” “ So I ’ m told . ” “ You mean you ’ ve never looked ? ” “ Nope , ” I say , picking my book back up . “ Well why not. ” “ Because some things in this life should be a mystery , ” I reply . “ Well I want to see , ” she says . I tap on the money box and she places her ten dollars in . I watch her go in and wait for the audible reaction . After a couple of seconds I can hear an excited squeal . She runs out jumping up and down . “ He ’ s so handsome ! ” I can see her run off in excitement . I smirk . Another idiot , I think to myself . The carnival director walks up shortly after . “ Time to start packing up , Isaac , ” he says . I nod and begin to break down my stand . My table is put away , and the money is locked up now . It ’ s that time again to put away the mirror . I stand in front of it like every other day . It ’ s just me , again . Same as yesterday , and the day before that , I am alone in the reflection . I smile at my reflection as I cover the mirror . I put the tent and everything in the back of my trailer with a skip in my step . You have to feel sorry for these suckers , I think . They ’ re destined for one person only . Who knows if they ’ ll ever find them ? At least I know where to always find myself .
The speaker of the house looked at the box . It was a mysterious blue . A shade of blue he had never seen before . Amazed by this new color he walked over to the box . He stared at if for awhile . And then as if he had n't thought about the implications , he haphazardly pushed a button on the box . A life form escaped the box and said , `` HI ! I 'M MR MEESEEKS ! LOOK AT ME ! '' Confused the speaker asked , `` Who are you ? '' `` I 'm Mr. Meeseeks , I help you with whatever you need ! '' The speaker became excited . he said , `` can you help us decide if we should imprison all Muslims , like the Nazis did , the Jews ? '' `` SURE ! ! ! I can do that , I 'm Mr . Meeseeks . '' [ Censored by Adult Swim and U.S Government ] The speaker thanked Mr. Meeseeks with all his help . The speaker asked , `` What will you do now ? '' Mr. Meeseeks responds , `` Your failures are your own , old man ! I say , FOLLOW THROOOOUGH ! '' and poof , he disappeared . `` What the fuck does that mean ? '' said the speaker of the house .
” Hey Karen . 4 days . 4 more days and then I ’ ll be back . I ’ m coming home . 4 days until I have you in my arms again and can tell you all the things I want to tell you . I can hardly wait . Tomorrow we break from the front and we will pack up and head back to base . 2 days there with some reporting and goodbyes and then I ’ m heading stateside . If there isn ’ t a shindig planned for my homecoming I ’ ll be pissed . Neither of us wants that . If there is a grand homecoming party for me , I might overlook that Josh gave you a ride home from work last month , even though I thought I made it clear that you shouldn ’ t hang out with him . I mean… I was clear wasn ’ t I ? You SWORE Karen . You swore to me that you wouldn ’ t see him ever again outside of work and I believed you . I took you in my arms and comforted you . I kissed the lip you made me break and made it all better . We made love that night . It was beautiful , we both cried and were so very , very happy . I love you Karen and you love me too . I love you so much that I couldn ’ t bear seeing you with someone else and when I hear that he gave you a lift… It hurts so bad Karen . It hurts me to my core to think of someone else near you . I ’ ll kill him Karen . I ’ ll kill him and then I will kill you . I will make damn sure nobody ever gets near you but me . Is… We arrived in the trenches early on the morning of the 5th . I was the one who shot and killed Sergeant Mike Andersson ; your husband . When we cleaned out the trenches I saw this letter and reading it made me sick . I have never met you and I have no idea of who you or Josh is but if Sgt . Andersson here is anything like this letter suggests , I think this was for the best . Nothing I say can undo what I did . I have killed a person . A son and a husband . But I will hold this letters contents to be true , that way I can ease my mind and see it as saving a woman and a man who , I hope , will bring better days to this world than the ones Sgt . Andersson did . I wish you all the best and that you can forgive my actions this day . Sincerely yours , Private first class , Jessica Brown. ” <newline>
I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ? Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo n't sleep . The support worker wakes me around 5am telling me it 's time so I gather the others to say their last goodbyes and as we enter I see her turn her head towards us and she 's there . I mean , all of her . I see my mom in her eyes again . `` Mom ? '' `` Help me sit up '' she says and turns herself over . We rush to her side and dangle her legs over the edge of the bed . My sisters and I acting as bumper pads on all sides of her . My mother looks around at all of us with every possible human emotion registering on her face at once . And with a shaky voice she says the first clear headed thing she has said in 3 years and the last she 'll utter for the rest of her life . `` All my girls ! Oh thank you god . Thank you ! ! '' And I know that she has heard us , that she was at peace , that we were all to her what she was to all of us and that will never be lost to me . Goodbye mum . See you soon .
`` Assholes ? '' `` Yes sir . They seem like pricks . '' `` Lieutenant , I have half a mind right now to throw you out the airlock for using such language on *my* bridge . '' `` I understand sir . If you just read what they -- - '' `` Mother Earth 's fleets deserve better than such vulgarity from an officer ! '' `` Sir , the message they sent is -- - '' `` How *dare* you speak in such a way after making contact with an alien species ? ! '' `` I could care less sir . '' `` *What ? ! * '' `` Sir , I joined Mother Earth 's fleets as a comm 's specialist to be among the first to make a first contact . It 's been my dream . You 've seen my files and my records . I 've dedicated my *life* to the fleets by the off chance that I could be the one to receive a message from an advanced alien species . Now there 's hardly any point . '' `` What makes you think you , a *lieutenant* , can make such an assessment on the fleet 's directives ? '' `` Because two hours ago , I received a message from an Interplanetary Diplomat for the Andromeda Galaxy , and for two hours , I debated deleting it . '' `` I 'll see you hanged for this Lieutenant ! ! '' `` Like I said sir , it 's unfortunate . You should read what they called us . They 're assholes . '' `` Before I brig you for this , obscene display of insubordination , how in the stars did you determine they are ... assholes ? '' `` I 've been trying to tell you sir . Just read the message . '' `` Very well . Throw it on the main console screen . '' `` Uh , sir , are you sure you want the whole bridge to read this ? '' `` It ca n't be more obscene than your vulgarity Lieutenant . '' `` You would be surprised sir . [ Here it is ] ( https : //www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/31bvbr/wp_for_years_an_alien_race_has_been_intercepting/cq05jjg ) . '' -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - `` Oh sweet Mother . '' `` Are you alright sir ? '' `` I ... give me a moment Lieutenant . '' `` As you wish sir . Shall I escort myself to the brig ? '' `` No , just ... you 're dismissed . '' `` Aye aye sir . I just have one question . '' `` Make it quick . '' `` Will do . What in the name of Mars is Mountain Dew ? ''
Friday nights , a beer , good music on the radio . It 's been like this for ten years now . Before that , it was ice-cold Coca-Cola on ma 's front porch . Before that - hell , I ca n't even remember . That 's what it 's like with someone you 've known your entire life . The remembrances go further and further back , fogged up in more and more of a haze until there 's just flashes of memory that may or may not be real . But some memories stay crisp and clear , no matter how far back you go . `` Life 's pretty good , ai n't it ? '' `` Hell yeah , '' says James . `` Mom says you ai n't supposed to say hell , '' says James ' son Peter , a Coca-Cola in his hand . He 's curled up on the swing , watching us in wide-eyed wonder . `` Well , H - E - double hockeysticks yeah , '' says James , and his boy gives him a grin . `` Hey , kid , what are you now ? '' I ask . `` Seventeen , eighteen ? Gon na get a real job one of these days , right ? Stop sponging off your old man here ? '' Peter lets out a little-boy laugh . `` I 'm only eleven ! '' he says . `` Eleven ? '' I bark , sending him into an even bigger fit of giggles . I 've known this kid since the day he was born and I 've never failed to make him laugh . I love him more than some kids related to me by blood . But truth be told , he unsettles me sometimes . I never really understood why . Not until this year , when he started putting on the inches and his hair darkened from pale blonde to wheat-brown . As he sat there , legs curled up beneath him , the smile drifted from my face . `` Hell , James , do you remember Dougie ? '' I ask , ignoring Peter 's protest at my use of the forbidden word . `` Dougie ? Shit . '' There 's an even bigger gasp from our child audience . `` I have n't heard that name in years , Frank . '' `` But you think about him , do n't you ? I do - all the damned time . '' `` Who 's Dougie ? '' asked Peter . Kid never misses a thing . `` Ah ... well . He 's your uncle . Or was your uncle , I should say . My older brother . He died when me and Frank here were ... what was it ? '' `` Eleven for me . You were still ten . Happened a few months before your birthday . '' `` Yeah . Right . '' James took a long sip of his beer , tilting his head upwards until it was completely illuminated by the deep yellow of the porch light . `` Well , what happened to him ? '' asked Peter . He knew a little bit about death . More than most kids - that 's the sort of thing that happens when you grow up in the country . Fortunately , not as much as some . The three of us were silent for a long moment . We had talked about the incident a lot over the years , but in decades ' worth of Friday nights there was one thing that James and I had never spoken of . I sat up a little straighter . `` I 'll tell you . But maybe you should n't say anything to your mom about it , okay ? Do n't know if this is the kind of story she 'd like you to hear . '' `` I wo n't say a thing ! '' Peter sat up straighter too , unconsciously mimicking my actions . `` All right . So Dougie was a few years older than us . And he was mean - I mean , you 'll never meet a nastier kid . '' `` Frank ... I do n't know if we should ... '' `` He can handle it , '' I say , reaching for another beer from the cooler . `` Now listen , Pete , your old man here is too nice to speak ill of the dead , but I 've never hated anyone as much as I hated Dougie . Ended up with my fair share of cuts and bruises because of him . As for your dad ... '' `` My older brother was a bastard . Let 's just leave it at that , '' says James . `` Right . So the older he got , the bigger and meaner he got . I mean , he was just a piss-ant looking back , but to us back then he was a real monster . My mom used to come running over here every time I went home all banged up but it never did any good . My dad would call your Grandpa Kirk and it was all , boys will be boys , let the little ones learn how to toughen up , ai n't nobody going to be there to stop the bullies once they make it into the real world ... '' Peter nodded along , his now-empty Coke bottle still clutched in his hands . He 'd heard enough about his grandpa that this was n't much of a surprise . `` So Dougie just kept getting meaner . Now , about the time that everything happened , the neighbor a few houses over moved across the county , and they left behind a bunch of animals . Some hens , cats , - ca n't remember what else - and then there was this dog . Only animal I 've ever come across that was meaner than Dougie . We learned pretty quick to run like hell if we heard him barking . He terrorized the block for months . Then one day that old damned dog just up and disappeared . '' `` We all hoped the damn thing had died . He was half-starved so it was a wonder he did n't . '' James reached over and ruffled Peter 's hair . `` Yeah . But then one day when we were walking home from school we hear that asshole barking . Should have run , but there was something pitiful about it , so we decide to go investigate . Now , we go around the back of that old house and there 's Dougie - handful of rocks , egging this damned dog on . Do n't know how the hell he did it , but he 's got him tied up to the back porch , whipping these rocks at him . Must 've been at it for a while - days - because this dog 's just beat up to hell . And his flank was all covered in ... '' `` Hey , reign it in a bit . He does n't need to hear all the details , '' said James . `` Ah , yeah , right . '' I shake my head . `` So we watch for a little while , and Dougie finally takes off . And I do n't know what possessed me to do it , but I decided we had to do something about that poor dog . He may have been mean as hell , but he was still just some poor dumb animal . So I take out my pocketknife and tell your old man to distract him - thinking maybe if I cut the rope enough the dog would be able to run away . '' I think back to that afternoon - the haze of the summer sun and the fat horseflies buzzing around us , drawn by the scent of blood and the dog 's dying flesh - and it 's still as clear now as my mind was that afternoon so many years ago . `` No . I ai n't gon na lie . I knew what I was doing . I just did n't think everything would turn out the way it did . You know ... I figured it would serve Dougie right to get bit by that old bastard . Let a mean , ugly creature learn his lesson from a creature that 's even meaner and uglier . But the next day when your grandma called asking if we 'd seen Dougie , I knew exactly what had happened . '' Silence falls over the three of us . Friday nights , cold beer . Back when we were just kids , it used to be ice-cold Coca-Cola . I remember the two of us sitting there in our funeral black . It passed between us without a word that we 'd never talk about what happened that day . `` You 're a good kid , Peter . '' I raise my beer toward him . `` But you look just like Dougie . It 's the damnedest thing . '' `` Do n't think you 're s'posed to say the d-word , '' says Peter . His face is pale , eyes wide . I wonder what he 's thinking right now . I wonder what memories will remain crystal-clear in his own mind , ten , twenty years from now .
Glahdg . Barliajh in dah ! Da ! Mine ! Daddy ! Mine ! Mommy ! It 's not FAIR ! CAN I HAVE A CANDY ! ? HE HIT ME FIRST ! MINE ! Thanks , mommy . I love you , Daddy . Can we go to Mcdonalds ? Can I spend the night at Jenny 's house ? Can I have a computer ? Can I have a phone ? Mom , do n't kiss me in front of my friends ! Dad , we 're going to be late to the birthday party ! Did you hear about Sarah ? She kissed that boy in her class ! Hey , look at that cute boy . Mom , can I *pleaaaase* wear makeup now ? Oh , my god , Daryl asked me to the prom ! Daddy , look at my makeup ! Daddy , look at my dress ! DAD , I 'M GETTING DRESSED ! Mom , I need to go shopping for bras ! I promise I 'll visit in the summer and on breaks , mom ! I love you too , daddy ! Yes , I got everything I need for my classes . Yes , I promise I wo n't go crazy like all of the other college girls . I ca n't have this baby , Stuart ! I do n't CARE ! YOU were the one that did n't wear the condom ! I 'm okay , mom , I 'm just a little bit upset . No , everything is fine . Yes , I 'm here to see Doctor Helmack ? I 'll get over it , Stuart , just leave me alone . Mom , dad , I passed my finals ! Thanks , daddy , I love the gown too . I 'm still looking , mom , the economy just is n't there right now . This job is n't exactly what I wanted , but it 's the best I can do right now . I love this job ! I hate this job ! Mom , it 's nothing serious , we 're just dating . Mom , we 're getting married ! Mom , I got a new job ! I 'M PREGNANT ! You bought me a *home* ? I love you , Honey . Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey , can you fix the front door ? It 's a little loose . Honey , can you come help me with the baby ? Honey , can you pick up Todd from soccer practice ? Todd , you 're going to have a sister ! I just ca n't believe I lost my job . No , I did *NOT* sleep with Bill , what is your *problem* ? I do n't care , just *get out* ! I 'm sorry , too . I love you . We 're fine , mom , we 're just going through some things . Honey , do you want to take Todd to his friend 's house or stay and watch Annabel ? You got me a *car* for my birthday , honey ! ? Daddy , are you okay ? Daddy , the doctor said it was a minor heart attack and you can recover from it . Daddy , I 'm sorry I do n't talk to you and mom as often . I love you too , daddy . Did you hear , Honey ? Annabel is dating that Jared guy from her class . Todd , you will *not* associate with those guys , do you hear me ? Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . I love you , Todd . Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . Honey , can you go clean the gutters this Saturday ? Honey , can you take out the trash ? When you retire can we go to Hawaii ? Hawaii is so beautiful ! I love you , Honey . Mom ? Dad ... ? It 'll be okay , mom . Mom , we 'll take care of the funeral arrangements . Mom , want to go visit daddy today ? Mom , ready for your doctors appointment ? Good night , mom . Mom , wake up ! Honey , call 911 ! I 'm so proud of you , Todd . It was nice to see you again Annabel , I love you ! Tell the grand-kids we said hello ! Honey , it 's cold in here ! Honey , it 's hot in here ! Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey ! It 'll be okay , I just fell . No , my hip is fine . Can we visit my parents next week ? I want to leave flowers . 911 please hurry my husband is n't breathing he 's not breathing ! I 'm so glad you 're okay , honey . I love you . Todd , you 're getting married ? Annabel , your husband wants to surprise daddy with a fishing trip ! I love waking up next to you , too . I will always love you . I 'll be okay , I 'm just a little sick . I hate hospitals . Todd , I 'm so sorry I wo n't be there for Timmy 's 5th birthday . I 'm so proud of you , Annabel . Honey , please do n't cry . I 'm going to be okay , honey . It 's cold in here . I love you , honey . Good night . I 'll see you in the morning , I promise . <newline>
In front of him , a man laid down , panting , drenched in sweat , like he ran the run of his life . He did . On his desk , two or three phones were ringing . He did n't care . He knew what was happening . The United States of America were on the verge of destruction . He had n't see it coming . Not on this scale . The threats from the Talibans had been addressed too lightly . And now , he had to deal with the consequence . Facing the most difficult choice in his life , the President decided to cross the line . Morality had no word to say in this case . He took the mobile phone in the interior pocket of his jacket , and made a brief call , before putting it back in the pocket . The Operation was launched . The man who was lying down seconds ago was now standing on his two feet , but still in a state of exhaustation . The President did not care about that , and started walking outside of the Office , urging him to follow his steps . The man executed his order . They passed a group of clueless guards . The guards tried to accompany the President and his man , but he made clear he did n't need protection . Soon enough , the President and the man were standing in front of a wardrobe , on the end of a rarely frequented corridor of the White House . Instead of opening the doors of the piece of furniture , he put his hand over the top of it , and struggled for a second or two before he heard a little click , and then a much louder click . Only after the latter he opened the wardrobe , which revealed a passage for a hidden room . The President entered the newly opened room , and the man followed , not asking any question . On a wall , hundreds of monitors were showing different places in America . In the streets , into the buildings of Wall Street , every important place of the United States were displayed on the screens . On the center of the room , a long armchair , which looked like a dentist 's chair , was waiting for someone to connect the helmet device lying on a table right next to it . A scientist ( the man presumed , by his white blouse ) welcomed the President . He warned him about `` precautions '' , `` responsability '' and `` not ready to be used '' , but the President did n't listen . He did n't have time . In minutes , America would fall into chaos . The scientist flayed his arms , trying to stop the President . The most important man in the world pulled off a gun from his jacket , and fired at the scientist . A huge red hole appeared on his head . The man was petrified . The President just killed someone in cold blood right in front of him . And now he was staring at him . He was daring him to stop him . The man did n't move . The President stopped watching at the man , and sit on the armchair . He put the helmet device on his head . On it , there was a switch . He flicked it on `` ON '' . Huge electric arcs burst out of the helmet , electrocuting the President . Or so it seemed . Somehow , he did n't look like he was suffering . He looked in control . His hands were gripping tightly on the arms of the chair . On the screen , the pictures changed . They were now showing the insides of planes . Men in black and armed with guns , threatening the life of the passengers , but also those of millions of Americans . The man did not understand . But he did not ask questions . Because it was how he was taught . Suddenly , the electric arcs intensified . The man looked at the screens , and little by little , the men in black seemed to disappear . Like erased from reality . The President was clenching his teeth . Now he looked in pain . But he kept going . The man understood he was the reason the terrorists were being removed from history . The device , he did not know what it was . All he knew is that it was saving America from impending deaths . Eventually , the President lost his self-control . He screamed in pain . But he kept going . The man could not believe his eyes . The man who had it all , money , glory and power , was sacrificing himself and his incredible life , and he could only watch him , helpless , thinking about how he could never do that . The room was shaking . It was going to explode . The President knew that . The man knew it too . He shouted him his last words , before ordering him to go . The man nodded , and ran towards the exit , without turning back . He ran . He heard an explosion . The blast propulsed him into the wall , and he lost consciousness . When he woke up , he was surrounded by a dozen of guards , holding him in the line of fire . He stood up slowly , and spoke . `` The President died for us . People must never know . Take me to the surgeon . I have to replace him . This was his last will . Do it now . '' The guards would have never agree in normal conditions . But under all this confusion , they followed the only one who gave orders . -- - `` Finally , even after two terms , I was never able to be like him '' , said George W. Bush to his confident , a man who gained his trust and to whom he revealed the truth . `` He was selfless , daring , and ... just great , all around . '' The confident nodded . For receiving all the praise the new Bush repeatedly gave to the original during those last ten years , the original must have truly been a great man . `` I was never rich . When I replaced him , I had everything he had . The money . I lost track of what was important in this world . I failed him . '' The sadness in his voice really hurt the confident . George W. Bush was a great friend of him . Even if some of his decisions were really debatable , he was a good person . He tried his best to succeed to his mentor when he was not qualified enough . But with courage , he did it . He worked hard . The people around him were toxic , though . They manipulated him like a puppet , and the confident could only watch it from the shadow he belonged to . `` Do you think he hates me , from where he is ? '' The confident saw George 's teary eyes and his begging for an answer . So he answered truthfully and honestly . `` He 's probably disappointed with some of the choices you made . '' This answer was devastating for W. But the confident did n't stop there , and continued . `` But he knows you 've done your best . I do n't think I know anyone who would be capable of going through what you 've been . You have overcome his expectations by a far margin . I 've already told you , George . You 're a hero , in your own way . '' George W. Bush laughed . The words of his confident had had the healing power he needed . Maybe he exaggerated the toughness of the situation , but still , he felt much better after having heard those moving thoughts of his best friend . The confident glanced over his watch . `` It 's 9 . I have to go . '' `` Until next time , friend '' , said George . The confident left the ranch of the ex-President . He sighed . `` Surviving the explosion was the best thing that happened to me . Maybe not for America , but thanks to you , I was able to free myself from this inevitable march for power I hated so much . Thank you , new George . '' The original opened the driver door of a Cadillac DTS , attached his seat belt , and drove off to his home .
On the eve of your sixteenth naming day you are implanted with a chip . The chip was inteneed to extend the lifetime of humans . It measured each and every single activity you did and told you the probability of catastrophic consequences . My day started as any other day , woke up to the alarm and head to the kitchenette of my cubicle . As I pour my cereal into my bowl the chip flashes a message to my brain : Probability 75 % That ca n't be right . It 's just cereal . I 've never known my chip to give me messages any higher than 10 % I pour my milk onto my cereal and another message flashes : Probability 85 % This alarms me but I ca n't fiddle about with it now I 'll be late for work . I turn on the video receiver in my wrist and it shows me all the video messages for today . There have been more murders . Someone has been going around the city killing people , tormenting them with the danger that lurks around them waiting until the right moment and then smashing their heads in . As the video story finishes I get another message from the chip : Probability 100 % This was the last thing I saw before She came bursting through the window .
Dear Dirary , Apparently I 'm a god now . But before being a god , I was just an adventurer . I guess that 's what I 'd call it ? I 'd go on adventures . Me , some friends , solving problems and slaying monsters . It was pretty fun , not extremely rewarding but job prospects are n't exactly great in my village . Just various shades of merchant - Oh , and one bartender . Anyway , I went on a particular adventure not long ago and things got pretty hectic . Our group was pretty tight though , we handled things well given the circumstances . We had Tess , my childhood friend and our white magic user ; Edwin , this total dick from the village who just happens to be amazing with a spear ; Slops , a wise , respected old knight who for some reason stuck with the nickname `` Slops '' ; and Ren , a mysterious , extremely powerful Elf mage , reformed villain and all-round great guy . We also had this Lycan with us , Rex . He was cool but at some point he got turned into an *actual* wolf and sort of wandered off in the woods . To cut a long story short : We were tracking a big bad guy hellbent on world annihilation , and for some reason we were the only people trying to stop that from happening . Not sure why . Along the way , we burned down an evil , living castle ; hung out with some ghosts ; discovered an underwater cult which we also , somehow , burned down ; and a bunch of other stuff . Ren actually revealed he was working for the big bad at one point and he killed Slops . Well , the heart attack killed Slops . We were all pretty shocked because Ren is just an awesome guy . He totally came back and saved us near the end though , which was great . Shame about Slops . The world actually got destroyed in some way , like three times . But we fixed it , somehow - I do n't know the specifics . Magic stuff . Ren 's the guy to ask if you want the know-how . At some point during the final , world-saving battle I was legally dead for about 12 minutes . I had a run in with some entity that rules the cosmos , and he declared me a god . I think that sort of spurred me on to kill the evil villain in the end , to be fair . Anyway , that was yesterday . I just sort of slept on it . It does n't feel much different being a god , to be honest with you . Not sure what I 'm supposed to be doing . I 've tried answering prayers , but I was n't hearing any of them . I also ca n't shoot fireballs - I think . I tried smiting the shit out of Edwin , but I 'm not sure if it worked . He 's such a dick . I 'm gon na meet Ren in a bit ... Just to , y'know , hang out . Maybe he knows a bit about this god stuff because he knows a lot of things . Such a cool guy . I might see what Tess is up to , but she 's probably with Edwin and he 'll cramp mine and Ren 's style . What a dick . So , Diary , that was my week . Sorry I did n't write for a while - I was saving the world ! Hehe . I 'll update when I 've figured out this godhood business . I honestly have no idea what I 'm doing . Bye !
`` New artificial sweetener linked to toddlers ' behavioural problems ! '' The newspaper headline did n't waste time . I only made it past the article 's lead before I stopped chewing my lunch . The can of soda next to my lunch box contained said sweetener . It stood there , eerily unmoving and sporting energizing colours and two attractive fonts that read `` YeSoda ! ( No Sugar ! Yes ! Soda ! ) '' . But I 'm not a toddler , I thought , and resumed chewing . I washed the crumbs away with a gulp of sugar-free soda , and continued on my way to the end of the article . A study had revealed that toddlers who drank the new variety of YeSoda ! were slightly more likely to display restlessness , emotional displays and hampered understanding of cause and effect . The rest of the article consisted of semi-random paraphrasing from interviews with the scientists who conducted the research , someone from a consumer protection agency and another academic debunking the research , calling it flawed . Amidst all the blaming and all too subtle name calling none of the arguments stuck to my memory . I washed them down with YeSoda ! It reminded me of the last artificial sweetener we used . That one was linked to liver problems . And the one before that to cancer . And then there was the one that caused us to go back to sugar for a while , because it turned out to be worse for your weight than sugar . The discourse sounded the same . And YeSoda ! still tastes the same . As I finished lunch , I realized I had a toddler myself . Should I pay attention to the article ? Newspapers have been known to exaggerate claims . Sensational news helps sell copies . And in this troubled economy , every sold copy counts . I 'd keep him off YeSoda ! for a while . You never knew . And I chuckled , because I 'd have a few more to drink for myself .
Jerome hit the send button and slipped the phone into his pocket . He squinted his eyes up at the midday sky and waited . A minute passed , then two . He turned his gaze toward those around him , looking for any sign of change . Hurried looking men walked past without a glance , just as they did everyday . Silk ties flapping in the breeze , they filed in and out of the skyscrapers . He wondered how many of them would lose their jobs after today . Behind the beautiful glass , inside the concrete towers , how many of these men made their living on the suffering of others . Click , click , click . On the other side of the sidewalk a pair of heels dug themselves into the concrete , effortlessly gliding along . The heels led up to a pair of long and shapely legs , and a beautiful woman . Everything about the woman was designer made , the oversized sunglasses , the undersized skirt , even the paper bags she carried . He ’ d never seen her before in his life , all the same he felt like he ’ d seen her everyday for the last five years . She was the type that would go into the stores with the huge crystal windows and come out carrying load of bags . of course , making extra sure the names on the sides of the bags were prominently displayed . She wouldn ’ t give him a dime , she would n't even give him smile , but still he watched her as she walked . To his surprise she stopped right in front of him . His heart skipped a beat . Maybe she would put her bags down , take the sunglasses off , and see him . If this woman could see through the dirty clothes , see through the unkempt beard , and see him for what he truly was , a fellow human being , her brother , he knew his wish had come true . Instead he saw why she had stopped . A family of tourist had poured out of a yellow cab , and was now blocking the flow of foot traffic . They gaped up , trying to see the tops of the immense buildings , camera phones at the ready . The woman , whose face had been beautiful and elegant a second before , scowled . She silently pushed her way through with all the grace of a rhinoceros . She hadn ’ t seen Jerome , and he would never see her again . Eyes on the ground , Jerome felt like a fool . He stared at the cardboard he was sitting on and tried to drown out the noise . But , through everything , through the footsteps and the sirens , through the endless car horns , and the buzz of a million people , he heard a single noise , -CLANK- . He looked up , and saw a small girl , no more than six years old . She had blonde hair , bright as the sun . Cheeks so rosy they looked like candy apples . She had dropped a single quarter into his tin can . He wanted to smile at her , but he didn ’ t want to scare her , he was missing so many teeth . He wanted to hug her , to tell her that his wish had been for her . He had wished for a better future for her , for every little girl , and little boy , and man and woman in the world . He had wished for peace . But then a man came up , and grabbed the little girl by the arm . “ Susie , what are you doing ? Come here. ” He dragged her away . Jerome looked down once again , “ Thank you . ” he muttered . It had all been a lie , the dream , the phone , everything . He reached into his pocket , half expecting it to be empty . The phone was in his hand , and he wondered if he was going insane . Thinking back to the previous night , everything was so clear in his mind , it wasn ’ t just any dream . He remembered waking up in the middle of the night . A voice , thunderous , yet silent , full of power , so much so that he wanted to cower in fear , yet so loving , so caring , “ JEROME , JEROME , WAKE UP. ” Immediately his eyes had opened , and he was standing . He felt awake . Awake like he had never felt before . Most of all he remembered the silence . The city around him was empty , not a single person or car to be seen . The buildings were dark , the streets deserted , as if it had been abandoned a century before , no , a minute before . In that moment the most intense light he had ever seen in his life shone above him . So intense was the light that it pushed him to the ground . The light pushed him down and went through him . The light was in his body and in his mind . He squeezed his eyes shut so tightly it hurt , but never before had he seen such brightness . He had fallen to the ground , and in that moment he felt a presence in front of him . It had spoken to him . “ YOU AMONG MANY HAVE BEEN CHOSEN . AM , WHO SENT ME , HAS DELIVERED ONTO YOU , THE FATE OF THIS WORLD . I GIVE TO YOU THIS CELLPHONE . YOU ARE TO SEND ONE REQUEST . AM , WHO CREATES AND DESTROYS , WHO GIVES AND TAKES AWAY , WILL GRANT IT. ” Then the words had stopped , and he felt the presence leave , and the light fade . With the fading of the light , he had slipped out of consciousness . When he awoke , it was daytime . The city was just as it always had been , buzzing with life and activity . The only change was that in his pocket , he found something that had not been there the day before , a cellphone . Jerome had been living on the streets for five years , but he knew what cell phones were in style , and this was not one of them . It was rectangular , with a small green screen , and face buttons . The buttons were the numbers one through zero , with letters under each , and a space symbol under the zero . On top of the numbered buttons , right under the screen , was a green button , “ Send ” . It looked , obsolete , like something Nokia had released in 1999 . The screen had one thing written in small-digitized letters , “ Write Message : ” Jerome had known what he had to do . He typed , “ May God bless the world with peace. ” and hit send . That had been fifteen minutes ago , but nothing seemed to have changed . Jerome stared at the phone . “ I wonder what peace even looks like ? ” he thought , as he saw the little girl ’ s family walking away . “ God bless you ! ” He yelled after them . At that moment two things happened at the exact same time . Jerome felt something hit him on his head , and he saw a small object fall down the sky and straight into someone ’ s mouth . One of the tourists that had been staring wide-mouthed at the giant buildings was now convulsing on the sidewalk and clutching at his throat . In the confusion , half the crowd rushed towards him , while the other half tried to get away , leaving everyone stuck . What no one seemed to notice was that the sky had gotten considerably darker . At that moment it opened up , and unleashed the most intense hailstorm Jerome had ever seen . Everyone dispersed , and the choking tourist was dragged away to cover . Not believing that a hailstorm had broken out in the middle of summer , Jerome stood up , and realized it wasn ’ t hail at all . There were small orbs falling from the sky . Thousands , millions of them , smashing into the concrete and splattering into green goo . There were so many of them that Jerome could barely see . “ What the hell is this ? ” he thought . ‘ These things look like… ” Gripping the phone , he ran as fast as he could for cover , being pelted as he went . Pushing his way through a glass door , he found himself in the lobby of one of the buildings and surrounded by people screaming , staring in disbelief at the sight outside . They were all covered in the green goo . Jerome pressed one of the buttons on the phone , and scanned the screen . He read the message , read it again . “ May God bless the world with… ” “ peas. ” Jerome ’ s body slumped to the ground , the phone slipping from his hand . For forty days and forty nights peas fell on New York City . Many decades later , when the history books were being written , when the media frenzy had subsided , after every last scientist had been baffled , and the Great Pea War was over , a unit of the US Army returned to the spot where Jerome had fallen . As they cleared debris , preparing for the arrival of the first re-settlers of Manhattan Island , they found the skeleton of a middle aged , African-American man . It had been pea-fossilized after decades of burial , and identification was impossible . But next to the remains they found an old phone , a relic of a by gone era . Somehow it still turned on , and on the screen were the words : “ Message delivered . Auto-correct : On ” .
`` Welcome to hell sir , we hope you find your eternal stay here warm and welcoming '' the dark haired young woman said . I looked around . What I expected to see was my living room . What I saw instead was a well appointed lobby . Classily decorated with marble tile floor and a hardwood desk so dark that could only have been made of ebony . `` Wait , what ? Where the hell am I ? How did I get here ? '' `` Ah . '' The girl at the desk started , `` yes , there is often some confusion '' she adjusted the fit of her waistcoat , the black silk hugging her frame tightly . `` I 'm afraid to have to inform sir that he has , in fact , shuffled off the mortal coil so to speak '' `` You mean I 'm dead ? ! '' I choked out `` and ... In hell ? How ? '' Shock numbed me , my head swirled . `` Is sir alright ? Would you like a chair ? '' The woman at the desk stood and snapped her fingers . Sparks flew and behind me a chintzy armchair expanded into existence . I flopped down gratefully . Still in a state of shock I mumbled `` how ... . Why ... '' Not even registering conjuration of a cushioned armchair as odd yet Re-seating herself she shuffled for a second , smoothed her skirt and continued , `` Anyway , to answer sirs questions , yes you are regrettably dead and yes you are not so regrettably in Hell '' `` What about the how ? '' I asked , a distinct trace of trepidation creeping into my voice Cool as you like the reply came back `` which 'how ' is sir referring to ? The circumstances of his exit from the mortal realm or the circumstances of his admission to Hell ? '' `` Both I guess . '' I replied , a kind of dreadful curiosity overtaking me `` well , as for the former , sir will remember hearing noises during the night in his lounge yes ? '' `` Yes ... '' My stomach looped as the cogs of memory began to turn . `` Well , unfortunately for sir be disturbed a pair of rather unsavoury characters , one of whom ... '' `` Hit me in the back of the head with something heavy '' I finished . Feeling sick at the memory of sudden impact , blinding pain and then nothing . `` Very good sir ! '' She cooed , eyes twinkling . Those eyes ... Something off about them ... `` very quick on the uptake . Not many arrive here that sharp . As for the latter , let 's consult your resume shall we ? '' She stood up again and walked over to a bank of filing cabinets , heels clicking on the stone tiled floor . Bending over in a slightly provocative manner she opened a draw and drew out a bulging manilla folder . Giving me the barest twitch of a grin as of to acknowledge that she knew I 'd been staring and did n't particularly mind she sat down again and flipped the folder open `` now , let 's see ... '' She muttered as she leafed through pages of foolscap , `` birth , normal , no omens , childhood , normal , no voices or paranormal phenomena ... ah ! '' She smiled to herself . `` Here we are ... The sins section . Let 's see now , no murders , rapes thefts or temple desecrations '' is that the merest note of disappointment in her voice there ? `` Though if I 'm honest we do n't see that one so much these days . Shame really . The desecrators are always the most fun '' you cough gently and she gives her head a little shake , her raven ponytail dancing for a second . `` Sorry '' she grins guiltily `` let 's see what else we have here ... 274 instances of fornication , that 's well under the threshold , 22570 instances of blasphemy , but we have n't bothered with that for years- be completely overcrowded if we did '' she rattles off your list of minor sins and moral infractions with an occasional comment on one . I listened with a kind of grim fascination until she finishes and sighs to herself . `` What 's wrong ? '' I asked `` Well its just that I ca n't actually find a reason for your admission to our establishment . You 've never committed any serious wrongdoing against your fellow man and lived your life about as well as anyone does these days '' she looks crestfallen . Pouting a little she asks `` are you sure we have n't missed anything ? Never forced a girlfriend to a back street abortionist ? 'accidentally ' bump a man onto some train tracks ? '' `` No ! '' I exclaim `` Pity . '' She almost purrs , then sighs again and grumbles `` the paperwork for this is going to be just ... Wait ! '' She looks up suddenly , “ just to check the obvious , do you believe in God ? ” “ No ” “ That 'll be why then ” She grins a satisfied grin “ Something of a tactical error there. ” She relaxes a bit now , the professional air she ’ s been cultivating dropping like a cloak . You must be ‘ one of the lads ’ now . “ Well , in cases like yours the Boss does n't really like giving you the old red hot poker treatment , does n't think it 's fair see . He says that as a supreme being God should be big enough to move past not being worshipped by mortals but unfortunately he 's so needy that he ’ s still damning perfectly good souls to our little corner of the afterlife. ” The sudden familiarity takes me aback a little but the surreality of it all makes me smile and make agreeing noises and I 'm rewarded by a toothy grin in return “ I just know you 're gon na fit in down here ” she says , Her eyes shining with delight . Now you spot it . The pupils . Slitted like a cats . “ So ... What now ? ” I ask . “ Well , I 'll take you down to the inductions suite and we ’ ll see about finding you some lodgings . After that your time ’ s your own. ” We stood up together and my demonic chaperone guided me out of the polished loby and outside into a cavernous abyss . As we walked down the path I was given a kind of amateur guided tour . pits of eternal torment for the genuinely evil to the right . Cerberus ’ kennel on the left . Lake of fire a ten minute walk in that direction and the pope enclosure which is half an hour away by dragon . “ hang on , Pope enclosure ! ? ” “ Let 's just say pope innocent the 2nd was badly misnamed ” my escort grinned . Before long we were outside a low , squat building that resembled a town hall . “ Well , this is where I leave you ” my companion started , Have fun and maybe I ’ ll see you around some time ” “ Err thanks for the tour ” I said . “ Hopefully I will yeah ” As she turned to go another thought struck me , I called back “ hey , is there anywhere I can get a bite to eat around here ? ” “ Sure ! ” She cried back , “ try hells kitchen ! ” “ Hang on , you do n't mean Gordon Ramsay is a… ” “ Well duh , of course he is . How else do you explain that temper ? ” She turned and walked back up the path . Something told me I was going to like it here .
part 2 `` Of course audio and video . '' He handed me a pair of headphones . `` Put these on . '' I pulled the headphones over my ears but could n't hear anything . `` Okay here we are , '' he continued , `` I know the body cam video 's not the best so let me talk you through what you 're seeing here . Okay the agent 's at the door . He says he 's there for a bleach job . This is where your stuff works its magic . Even though they do n't know him from Adam , it seems pretty clear he 's one of them . And ... .he 's in ... .. See ? what 'd I tell you ? TV just sitting there ... .. Sound 's not even on probably . '' The General grabbed a nearby headset and put one of the speakers to his ear . `` Hey Grey ! Can we get that sound through over here ! ? '' He turned back toward the screen `` ..bleach everywhere.. '' he said addressing me again . The headphones crackled and I could hear the audio line from the agent 's wire . The general was right I did n't hear the TV , just some music , and pretty unpopular stuff from the sound of it . I could hear some talking , the agent assuring one of them he was n't a cop . Wow , it looked like the house was full of them , just sitting around with no phones , nothing . Several of them were going back and forth about something . I could n't make out what they were talking about , but it sounded pretty stupid and pointless whatever it was . At least one of them I could see seemed to be sitting off by herself reading what looked like a paper book . Most of those I could make out in the video feed were in various stages of growing out black market bleach jobs ; the one closest to the camera had at least two inches of dark , black growth under platinum blonde crowns . These people did n't look as dangerous as they did sad and bored . The agent appeared to be sitting down . It looked like they were covering him with something . The image went white . The General looked up from the screen and addressed the room : `` Do we have a problem ? '' `` No sir . '' one of the civilian technicians answered . `` It appears to be a cloth for the bleach , we still have audio though . '' `` Alright put that through on the main speakers . '' `` Yes sir . '' I took off the headset . The control room was filled with sounds from the bleach house . I could hear what must have been the self-styled beautician talking to the agent : `` ... want anything to read while you wait ? This stuff has to sit for a- '' There was a half second of silence then `` HE 'S GOT ROOTS ! ! '' The video and audio feed then erupted into utter chaos . The agent must have thrown off the sheet because we had video again , but it was hard to make out exactly what I was seeing . People were all over the place ; I could hear glass shattering , what I think were gun shots , then some screaming . `` Grey , cut the audio . '' The general yelled behind me . `` Sorry , it gets to be too much and you ca n't really make anything out anyway ... but we need a record of some sort for official reasons . Anyway there you have it sir , the rest is just clean-up . Occasionally there 's a minor incident with neighbors or family members , they get upset and then themselves resist arrest . '' I looked at the screen . The agent wearing the body cam appeared to be out of the house and running through the street `` So what happens to them all now ? '' `` Well , the ones that do n't forfeit their right to trial by resisting arrest , get taken to a regional processing center . Every now and again one of them knows something , but most of the time it 's pointless even talking to them . You start to learn that they 're a real entitled bunch and they think they have some kind of rights . We hold on to them for a while then we hand them off . You know they ca n't be rehabilitated and they only cause problems if you let them roam free . Ca n't send them anywhere because frankly nobody wants them , but it 's a waste spending tax payers ' hard earned money on incarcerating them , so ca n't lock 'em up either ... . but we hand them off and the administration handles it . You have any other questions ? '' `` No . '' I glanced back at the screen . Oh damn ! Somebody was getting the shit beat out of him . All I could see was the agent 's fists wailing on what was left of some kid 's face . There was blood everywhere ; It was like a goddamn video game up there ! `` I just want to tell you that this has actually been really interesting . I 'm really glad I came . '' `` *We're* glad you came . '' One of those guys in expensive suits now standing next to another officer in front of the glass office gestured to the General . `` I just want to say again how much an honor it has been being able to show you how your technology is being applied to save lives . '' Grey came over with what was possibly a laptop case and gave it to the general , `` Unfortunately , I 'm going to have to cut this a little shorter than expected , but I 'm going to leave you in the very capable hands of Mr. Grey here , he can answer any questions you may come up with . Take care of him Grey . '' Grey pulled his hair out of his eyes again and smiled . `` Yes sir . '' The general held out his hand `` Mr. Randolph , is has been a pleasure to meet you . '' `` The pleasure has been all mine , sir '' I responded . We shook hands then he walked off toward the office . `` Wow , '' I said to Grey `` that guy really knows his stuff . '' `` Yeah , I do n't know where we 'd be without him.. this country I mean . '' Grey sat down at the empty terminal next to mine . Up close I could see that he was actually a bit older than I had placed him before , maybe 22 or 23 . `` I hope you do n't mind me asking , '' he said looking at the blank monitor in front of him , `` but did you have any idea when you came up with the dye how important it 'd be . '' `` To be honest , not really . I made the first batch because I thought it 'd be funny to be an old fashioned climate scientist for Halloween . To be honest , I never even figured for anybody wanting the stuff outside of using it for something like that . I mean who 'd want to want around looking like a PC libtard ? '' I looked at the screen again . The ruckus had pretty much calmed down now . The agent was back inside the house . Looked like most of the darkies were either dead or in cuffs . `` Think I can see it now though . Dye 's pretty goddamn important . ''
`` Let the kids watch . They 'll have to do it one day . '' And just like that , I had witnessed my first death . My father had just blown off the head of what I believed to be my best friend with a 12-gauge . I know I 'm not supposed to be sad , Stephen was a traitor to the Lord of the Land after all , but he was the only one who ever talked to me . Due to my status of Lad of the Land , no one was allowed to talk to me unless on formal business , and no one ever had business with me . But , I was n't allowed to look away , so I watched and tried to enjoy the show . It was n't difficult , my dad always manages to put on quite a show , the execution is just the first part . After he blew off Stephen 's head , my father slid down his trousers causing his fully erect 8 inch cock to spring out . I was a little disappointed that he had n't taken off his shirt to show off his rippling six pack , but i suppose his toned legs would have to do . My father then gingerly picked up Stephen 's body , positioning his neck right at level with my dad 's cock . He started to press the tip against the gaping wound causing more blood to spurt out . My dad took advantage of this , rubbing the blood on his penis to use as lube . Slowly , my dad 's dick disappeared into Stephen 's neck . My father softly moans as Stephen pleasures my dad from beyond the dead . My dad slowly picks up speed as Stephen 's body begins to ragdoll from the amount of power that dad puts into each thrust , for he is passionate about his duties . My dad becomes a blur as he approaches the sound barrier . There 's a boom as everyone watching is thrown back , yet my dad is still going to poundtown on Stephen 's neck hole . I 'm lying on my back marveling at this strange sight , i had no idea that my dad was so skilled . A pained expression comes over my dad as he exclaims `` I 'M ABOUT TO COME , PREPARE YOURSELVES ! '' I take cover behind the others watching this spectacle , peering out from over their shoulders . My father gives three more thrusts before letting out a primal cry and ejaculating like a water hose . This proves too much for poor dead Stephen as he explodes from the amount of liquid entering his lungs and stomach . Bits of Stephen and semen fly through the air heavily coating the crowd . Ladies moan and try to catch the semen rain in their mouth . Men weep as they 're pelted with liquid shame . My dad , quickly grabs his electric guitar before the sex storm ends and everyone joins into a totally badass rendition of fa who dores from that Grinch movie . My dad , seeing my pride , hands me his guitar and I rip a totally sick ass solo . Everyone cheers as the storm ends . I was no longer sad , for I was to be the Sexecutioner , and for that , I was grateful .
The groans were relentless all through the night . The same groans he remembered from their distaste of a dinner he had prepaid . It was a lullaby to his ears . Day two . A shit in the corner . A firearm resting just out of arm 's reach . A child 's dresser blockading the door , with the oldest single sized flimsy foam mattress resting up against a bed frame resting against the dresser . Within the bottom drawer was a bucket of Lego for weight . He had moved to this room after he was awoken by his son feasting on the fetus of his unborn daughter . It had only been a scratch . As he stood he lift a large bucket of Lego out of the bottom drawer of the dresser . As he shut the drawer with his shin he grabbed the one side of the dresser with both hands , he then flung the dresser aside as he stomped down with the leg used to close the dresser . The dresser toppling over the bed frame , shattering the window as it fell . He opened the door just enough so the dead may open it easily . He then turned his attention to the weapon behind him on the night stand . A pistol that was supposed to protect his family . Turning around again , gun in hand , he emptied the entire clip into the skull of his son . Without ammo the man turned his attention to his wife as she shambled into the room . She had almost been eaten in half . Her upper half wobbled , what remained seem insufficient to keep her vertical or as one piece . He stretched out his arms to embrace her . To embrace death . To walk eternally . With her .
” Hey Karen . 4 days . 4 more days and then I ’ ll be back . I ’ m coming home . 4 days until I have you in my arms again and can tell you all the things I want to tell you . I can hardly wait . Tomorrow we break from the front and we will pack up and head back to base . 2 days there with some reporting and goodbyes and then I ’ m heading stateside . If there isn ’ t a shindig planned for my homecoming I ’ ll be pissed . Neither of us wants that . If there is a grand homecoming party for me , I might overlook that Josh gave you a ride home from work last month , even though I thought I made it clear that you shouldn ’ t hang out with him . I mean… I was clear wasn ’ t I ? You SWORE Karen . You swore to me that you wouldn ’ t see him ever again outside of work and I believed you . I took you in my arms and comforted you . I kissed the lip you made me break and made it all better . We made love that night . It was beautiful , we both cried and were so very , very happy . I love you Karen and you love me too . I love you so much that I couldn ’ t bear seeing you with someone else and when I hear that he gave you a lift… It hurts so bad Karen . It hurts me to my core to think of someone else near you . I ’ ll kill him Karen . I ’ ll kill him and then I will kill you . I will make damn sure nobody ever gets near you but me . Is… We arrived in the trenches early on the morning of the 5th . I was the one who shot and killed Sergeant Mike Andersson ; your husband . When we cleaned out the trenches I saw this letter and reading it made me sick . I have never met you and I have no idea of who you or Josh is but if Sgt . Andersson here is anything like this letter suggests , I think this was for the best . Nothing I say can undo what I did . I have killed a person . A son and a husband . But I will hold this letters contents to be true , that way I can ease my mind and see it as saving a woman and a man who , I hope , will bring better days to this world than the ones Sgt . Andersson did . I wish you all the best and that you can forgive my actions this day . Sincerely yours , Private first class , Jessica Brown. ” <newline>
The prisons were already overflowing , so large warehouse were converted into temporary jails that soon lost the temporary term . Humane laws were often skirted around , but after the UN threatened enough we were at least guaranteed basic human rights . It took a couple years after the mass incarceration to organize who went where . Harsher prisons like the warehouses were kept for those who actually googled how to make bombs . They still insisted those who even googled the word absentmindedly needed to be watched . What better way then a hotel full of ankle bracelet wearers ? The nicest were given to light offenders like me . After all , glitter bomb was n't evil in their eyes . I just need to be watched for now .
This is the story of your awareness . How it was shaped , and how it has come to be . Three angles , four sides . Your tangible , palpable reality defined by the angles and your covert , societal subversion designed by it 's sides . What is the shape ? What does it connote , provoke in your mind ? How you see the angles and sides will ultimately define , weave your story . The shape is n't smooth . It 's shaded in places and has ridges . Your mind lies at the epicentre of this shape . The shape , and how you 've defined it , is the vehicle for your mind , your subjective reality . The darker the sides become , the less you notice . Once you believe one thing , another is disbelieved . Your world shrinks . But as you begin to think outside the scope of the shape , your sides become translucent ; the angles shine brighter . Your reaction thus far should accurately define your investment in this shape , in its sides . How much you relate , do n't relate , and ca n't relate . Your curiosity pushes you to read on , or you laugh in ignorance . I pity , but envy the latter . Mind , body and spirit . The triad of conscious awareness . They define your shape , your position in this world . The angles are the prescience of your reality , inchoate to you at birth . Pure innocence without form , without limitation , without prejudice . Education , the prevailing paradigm ; culture becomes the artist of your awareness , painting over your reality with beliefs and designing how you see the world . The sides began to darken , obfuscating your awareness and attention ; permeating , transcending , and pulling you towards some form of concrescence , always in the future , always a future to build towards and invest in at the expense of extrapolating your mind from the present moment . The first side , first facet , is tangible . Tangible but mental . Electromagnetic pixels masquerading as insight . We forget to think and then think to forget . Pop culture , news , toys ; a sub reality dictated to you , defining what is important , not important . What is implausible , plausible - while simultaneously hiding , abstracting the world . You passively play along , believing that your ideas , your reality , is your own . It is not . The second facet is molded by language , your use of language and how you define things . Words define , rob you of attention . Noticing a tree , a bird in all its uniqueness ? Instead you place it into a box of how the thing is defined in your head . It 's not special anymore because you 've defined it . You know it 's a bird , a tree . You 've seen it before . It 's not unique anymore . Thoughts are delivered to you as words in your head . And words limit , lead astray . What becomes the defined becomes the unnoticed . The converse of a belief becomes the unnoticeable . The third facet is again molded by language . The language of the dominator , the culture . Jargon - the stock market this , the economy that . Confusion , jargon confuses you . You do n't understand . The world becomes abstracted from you . You only pay attention to what you know and can define in your mind with words . Let 's call it the known . The final facet is your ascension . The ascension of your attention into the unknown . Beyond limitation . Transcending prejudices , redefining what is possible , plausible . Investigating before investing . The internet becomes a platform as opposed to a distraction . The more prejudices , beliefs you hold ; the more you deny , disbelieve . Disbelief , judgement only creates ignorance , disparity . Believe in nothing in particular , but consider everything . This is the niche , the zone in which creativity itself flourishes . But you live behind the curtain , the veil . The pixels tell you what to believe in . They look so real , dancing in front of your eyes . But the only real thing is your experience . Denying this one fact covertly communicates with your mind that you need toys , investments to be happy . It is clandestine . A trick . Conditionalities birth themselves upon your world . You chase your tail without realising the tail is attached to you . But that is the prescience of the culture . Of money . A docile population will invest . A liberated population will transcend . But you , I invest in passive acqueiscence , pulled by the herd . You , I conform to the perspective of the system . You , I maintain beliefs , all adopted . You , I become , became a sponge . But you , I can see from outside of this shape now . Infinity is at your , my feet . the all-seeing eye / will arrest your attention / but the Triangle of Life . / will aid your ascension . Are you paying attention ? <newline>
The hard slapping of his feet upon the pavement accompanied by the ferocious gales and wet needles . Seeking refuge , he runs beneath the busy freeway . He curls his fingers into his palms and vigorously rubs them . His eyes are a puffy red from crying . `` You 'll never start a fire that wa- '' `` HOLY FUCKING SHIT ! '' The kid , panting like a dog , hastily spins around and spots the old bum sitting in front of a trash can . `` Check this shit out , boy . '' The old bum strikes a match and throws it in the barrel , a fresh fire burst into flames . `` You ever see fire before ? F-I-R-E. Fire . It 's pretty cool shit . '' The kid just watched the old bum , afraid to move closer , but afraid to leave . *I 'd rather be dry than wet . * `` You comin ' over or you just gon na stand there like a retard ? '' The boy slowly shuffles over to the barrel containing the fire and averts his gaze from the old bum . `` So what the hell 's a little faggot like you doin ' out this late at night in a storm like this ? `` Fuck you , asshole . I 've barely been here 5 minutes and you 've already insulted me twice . '' `` Hey , hey , do n't get too carried away with yourself , Firecracker . One spark and you 're already set off . This is my territory , son . I 'm being nice enough letting you stay , so you better answer my god damn questions when I ask . Now , how about you explain to me why you 're out here , candy-ass , or I 'll chase you out of this underpass . '' The boy mumbles in response . `` The fuck you say , son ? I ca n't hear you with your head so far up your a- '' `` I said I ca n't fucking take it anymore ! Fuck them all ! Mother 's doped up and fucking all sorts of men , father never wanted me , and Andre die- '' The boy 's voice cracked . He begins choking back tears . `` It 's ... It 's okay to cry , son ... '' `` Why , so you can call me a faggot again ? ! '' `` I was just joking , boy . It 's not everyday some teenager has a reason he truly believes is cause to run . I thought you were one of those faggots who got their phone taken away and so they run from home , or those faggots who has to get a job but refuses to work -- ah shit , ignore what I 'm saying , boy . It ai n't making much sense ... Sometimes you got ta talk about it . Running is n't always the answer . Look where it got me . '' The old bum offered the kid a crude smile . The kid was busy holding a mean face to notice . `` Tell me about this kid , Andre . '' `` What about him ? '' `` Well , what was he like ? '' `` He ... He 's really athletic . '' `` Okay , and what about that ? '' `` My fath- ... My fathe- ... '' `` Spit it out boy , what 's my judgment to you , anyway ? '' `` My father would lock us into a room together and do things . He 'd decide to do it at the worst times . While Andre was over , he decided that was one of those times . Andre saw how uneasy I was and did n't want to leave me alone , but had to , 'cause it ai n't his house . Father tried to do something bad this time , and I yelled . Andre tried to get in through the door but could n't . Father was already beating my face in for yelling . Andre broke in through the window and got father up against the wall and beat him . He would n't let up , either , and I was n't gon na stop him . It was ... satisfying , to say the least ... He almost killed father , and that 's where he went wrong . He should'a killed him , he really should'a . I should'a at least finished the job myself . Mother saw father and got him taken to the hospital ... They fixed 'im up real fast . It was n't long til daddy was on his feet again . He could n't look me in the eyes , I should'a never gone soft for him again . I should'a stayed on high alert ... Andre came over again and father saw him . He pulled his gun right out and ... '' `` Oh boohoo '' The old bum pantomimes wiping tears from his face . `` You think that 's bad ? All I heard that whole time was 'I should'a , I should'a , I should'a . ' How about you stop being a fuckin ' pussy and do somethin ' about it . He killed your only friend , you gon na let him get away with that ? '' `` **My friend is n't dead . ** '' He glares at the old bum . `` He *can't* be dead . He got a scholarship , he was gon na play football , he *helped* me , damn it ! Nobody 's done that before ! '' A short silence followed . `` The police have father anyways . Got him behind bars right now . I would n't be able to do anything no matter how hard I tried . Not like you care anyways , you just wan na have a good show of me killin ' myself tryin ' to stand up for myself . '' `` Maybe . Maybe not . Listen , kid . Not everyone is out to get ya . But maybe you 're right . Maybe I 'm just fuckin ' with ya and this is a gigantic waste of time ... Or maybe I really care about you , kid . I do n't know what it is , but there 's something about you that makes me feel like livin ' . A car 's headlights begin approaching from the north . The old bum notices the lights and realizes it 's already too late . `` Hey kid , take my jacket . You do n't wan na catch a cold . '' He hands the kid the jacket which the kid puts on to keep himself warm . The car comes into the underpass and approaches the kid and the old bum . `` Now get on outta here , kid . I do n't wan na see you around here anymore . '' The kid hesitates to leave . `` Get the fuck outta here now , kid ! Leave now ! '' The kid takes off running and feels something heavy in the pockets weighing him down . He jumps around the corner of the underpass and survey 's the contents of the jacket . He pulls out a small revolver , fully loaded . Before the kid realizes the full weight of what happened , he hears a single gunshot ring out in his head . *No , Andre ... No , god damnit Andre , I ca n't let you die for me again ! Why me ? Why would he choose to save me ? ! Why the hell would he give away his only protection to me ? ! * The kid hears the car shift back into drive , the engine rev , and the car escape . He runs around the corner and fires 5 shots into the direction of the car , before it disappears into the black . The kid walks forward into the underpass where he sees the old bum laying in a pool of his own blood with the offender having already left . *Click* ... *BANG* The kid drops to the ground , with only the chatter of the rain to keep his dying thoughts company .
Jerome hit the send button and slipped the phone into his pocket . He squinted his eyes up at the midday sky and waited . A minute passed , then two . He turned his gaze toward those around him , looking for any sign of change . Hurried looking men walked past without a glance , just as they did everyday . Silk ties flapping in the breeze , they filed in and out of the skyscrapers . He wondered how many of them would lose their jobs after today . Behind the beautiful glass , inside the concrete towers , how many of these men made their living on the suffering of others . Click , click , click . On the other side of the sidewalk a pair of heels dug themselves into the concrete , effortlessly gliding along . The heels led up to a pair of long and shapely legs , and a beautiful woman . Everything about the woman was designer made , the oversized sunglasses , the undersized skirt , even the paper bags she carried . He ’ d never seen her before in his life , all the same he felt like he ’ d seen her everyday for the last five years . She was the type that would go into the stores with the huge crystal windows and come out carrying load of bags . of course , making extra sure the names on the sides of the bags were prominently displayed . She wouldn ’ t give him a dime , she would n't even give him smile , but still he watched her as she walked . To his surprise she stopped right in front of him . His heart skipped a beat . Maybe she would put her bags down , take the sunglasses off , and see him . If this woman could see through the dirty clothes , see through the unkempt beard , and see him for what he truly was , a fellow human being , her brother , he knew his wish had come true . Instead he saw why she had stopped . A family of tourist had poured out of a yellow cab , and was now blocking the flow of foot traffic . They gaped up , trying to see the tops of the immense buildings , camera phones at the ready . The woman , whose face had been beautiful and elegant a second before , scowled . She silently pushed her way through with all the grace of a rhinoceros . She hadn ’ t seen Jerome , and he would never see her again . Eyes on the ground , Jerome felt like a fool . He stared at the cardboard he was sitting on and tried to drown out the noise . But , through everything , through the footsteps and the sirens , through the endless car horns , and the buzz of a million people , he heard a single noise , -CLANK- . He looked up , and saw a small girl , no more than six years old . She had blonde hair , bright as the sun . Cheeks so rosy they looked like candy apples . She had dropped a single quarter into his tin can . He wanted to smile at her , but he didn ’ t want to scare her , he was missing so many teeth . He wanted to hug her , to tell her that his wish had been for her . He had wished for a better future for her , for every little girl , and little boy , and man and woman in the world . He had wished for peace . But then a man came up , and grabbed the little girl by the arm . “ Susie , what are you doing ? Come here. ” He dragged her away . Jerome looked down once again , “ Thank you . ” he muttered . It had all been a lie , the dream , the phone , everything . He reached into his pocket , half expecting it to be empty . The phone was in his hand , and he wondered if he was going insane . Thinking back to the previous night , everything was so clear in his mind , it wasn ’ t just any dream . He remembered waking up in the middle of the night . A voice , thunderous , yet silent , full of power , so much so that he wanted to cower in fear , yet so loving , so caring , “ JEROME , JEROME , WAKE UP. ” Immediately his eyes had opened , and he was standing . He felt awake . Awake like he had never felt before . Most of all he remembered the silence . The city around him was empty , not a single person or car to be seen . The buildings were dark , the streets deserted , as if it had been abandoned a century before , no , a minute before . In that moment the most intense light he had ever seen in his life shone above him . So intense was the light that it pushed him to the ground . The light pushed him down and went through him . The light was in his body and in his mind . He squeezed his eyes shut so tightly it hurt , but never before had he seen such brightness . He had fallen to the ground , and in that moment he felt a presence in front of him . It had spoken to him . “ YOU AMONG MANY HAVE BEEN CHOSEN . AM , WHO SENT ME , HAS DELIVERED ONTO YOU , THE FATE OF THIS WORLD . I GIVE TO YOU THIS CELLPHONE . YOU ARE TO SEND ONE REQUEST . AM , WHO CREATES AND DESTROYS , WHO GIVES AND TAKES AWAY , WILL GRANT IT. ” Then the words had stopped , and he felt the presence leave , and the light fade . With the fading of the light , he had slipped out of consciousness . When he awoke , it was daytime . The city was just as it always had been , buzzing with life and activity . The only change was that in his pocket , he found something that had not been there the day before , a cellphone . Jerome had been living on the streets for five years , but he knew what cell phones were in style , and this was not one of them . It was rectangular , with a small green screen , and face buttons . The buttons were the numbers one through zero , with letters under each , and a space symbol under the zero . On top of the numbered buttons , right under the screen , was a green button , “ Send ” . It looked , obsolete , like something Nokia had released in 1999 . The screen had one thing written in small-digitized letters , “ Write Message : ” Jerome had known what he had to do . He typed , “ May God bless the world with peace. ” and hit send . That had been fifteen minutes ago , but nothing seemed to have changed . Jerome stared at the phone . “ I wonder what peace even looks like ? ” he thought , as he saw the little girl ’ s family walking away . “ God bless you ! ” He yelled after them . At that moment two things happened at the exact same time . Jerome felt something hit him on his head , and he saw a small object fall down the sky and straight into someone ’ s mouth . One of the tourists that had been staring wide-mouthed at the giant buildings was now convulsing on the sidewalk and clutching at his throat . In the confusion , half the crowd rushed towards him , while the other half tried to get away , leaving everyone stuck . What no one seemed to notice was that the sky had gotten considerably darker . At that moment it opened up , and unleashed the most intense hailstorm Jerome had ever seen . Everyone dispersed , and the choking tourist was dragged away to cover . Not believing that a hailstorm had broken out in the middle of summer , Jerome stood up , and realized it wasn ’ t hail at all . There were small orbs falling from the sky . Thousands , millions of them , smashing into the concrete and splattering into green goo . There were so many of them that Jerome could barely see . “ What the hell is this ? ” he thought . ‘ These things look like… ” Gripping the phone , he ran as fast as he could for cover , being pelted as he went . Pushing his way through a glass door , he found himself in the lobby of one of the buildings and surrounded by people screaming , staring in disbelief at the sight outside . They were all covered in the green goo . Jerome pressed one of the buttons on the phone , and scanned the screen . He read the message , read it again . “ May God bless the world with… ” “ peas. ” Jerome ’ s body slumped to the ground , the phone slipping from his hand . For forty days and forty nights peas fell on New York City . Many decades later , when the history books were being written , when the media frenzy had subsided , after every last scientist had been baffled , and the Great Pea War was over , a unit of the US Army returned to the spot where Jerome had fallen . As they cleared debris , preparing for the arrival of the first re-settlers of Manhattan Island , they found the skeleton of a middle aged , African-American man . It had been pea-fossilized after decades of burial , and identification was impossible . But next to the remains they found an old phone , a relic of a by gone era . Somehow it still turned on , and on the screen were the words : “ Message delivered . Auto-correct : On ” .
They argued , voices grating like sandpaper inside her head . The voices would grow louder as one man started outshouting his baritone opponent ... but volume fell quickly to the low grumbles of complaint and dispute , and they hashed on in muffled tones as she slowly gained awareness . Pain , such pain ... . she lay there silently suffering , willing the two to walk away . As if they heard her plea , **the voices fell silent** and they walked over to the bed where she lay sprawled . `` You look like shit , Megan . Flu ? '' Jeff offered her two Tylenol , a cup of water , and a sympathetic grin . Megan looked at the Tylenol , and feverishly said `` So ... did you watch the game last night ? '' <newline>
I held the little black box in the palm of my hand . Pitch black , perfectly cubed and nothing special about it , but it continued to hold my gaze regardless as if there were some deep importance about it . My friend Valhalla appeared out of no where and sat next to me , also staring at the cube . `` What do you have there , Heaven ? '' he asked . I continued to gaze at the box , refusing to look at Valhalla for even a moment as though I would miss something if I did . `` This , '' I said . `` Is the secret to the universe . '' I could tell Valhalla was perturbed by this sort of knowledge , as if there was some evil about the cube . Or perhaps he did n't think such an object could exist . But I made it exist , and so it sits in the palm of my hand . He reached out to the cube slowly . `` How is that the secret to the universe ? '' I moved my hand away . `` Do n't touch , it 's extremely delicate . It just is , like me . '' `` Just is ? '' It was clear he did n't understand anything about the dynamics of the cosmos . `` Valhalla , when you look at me , what do you see ? '' `` My friend , a boy like me . '' I nodded . `` There 's something else too . The one similarity between this cube and me . '' Valhalla gave a sideways glance . `` You 're both ... absolute ? '' `` Precisely . Me and the cube are absolute . When I wipe the existence of the universe , it goes into this cube and expands it infinitely . I become a part of the cube , trapped inside of it . It is black on the outside , white on the inside . There is no way to destroy or remove this cube from existence . It can only shrink or grow . '' `` I see . So why are you staring at it ? '' If it was n't obvious enough already . `` The universe is fascinating . I ca n't see all of it at once , I ca n't see very far to begin with . The future is blank , past is filled but also empty . I make of it what I will , and I always find it fascinating , because even still I can not understand it . '' `` You ca n't understand the universe ? '' `` Can you ? '' `` I guess not . '' `` The cube understands , and so I find it fascinating to watch . '' `` Cool . Well , me and the others were going to play a game of hide and seek . You want to join ? '' I clasped my hands and made the cube vanish . `` Sure ! '' -011
The most revered people in the land . Not the rulers . Not the young . Not the religious . No , the dying . Sometime in the distant past , the government had mandated that all who were on the verge of dying be corralled into special facilities . Golden Gardens , they were called . For the sake of easing them into the next life , or so they said . The establishment of this practice had created an aura around the dying . A mystique . Year after year , the culture progressed to the point where people weren ’ t afraid of death . No , the realization that life was ending ushered in a quiet to most . People were ready to move on . They were ready to die . The Golden Gardens were oft visited and advertised . They were beautiful . Who wouldn ’ t want to spend their last days in the best representation of heaven human minds could create ? Transferring the dying to the Gardens was an event . Not some somber affair where people wept and held on . It was a celebration . A celebration . It was a farce . A spectacle all done to make sure that people kept sending their dying to the Gardens , so they could all spent their final moments in a controlled environment . If they only knew . It took a while for the first person to realize what the dying represented . The future . People had noticed that some of the dying would utter things that were completely out of place right before their final breath , but most chalked that up to senility or the inability to cope with passing . But one man heard someone ’ s final words and realized what it meant . A prophecy . He was the first of the Readers . He was the one that setup the foundation that was to become the Golden Gardens . He became the voice of the governing bodies . All because he was able to read the prophecy that he heard . Each time he heard a prophecy , he grew stronger . His sphere of influence soon became inescapable . He was able to locate others who could read through some of the prophecies . He kept them on as retainers , but he was the sole reader for as long as he lived , not trusting what others might do with the information . He had amassed such wealth , such wisdom , such power…he was loathe to share that . When he felt that he was about to die , he gathered the readers . At this point , they represented the top governing officials of the land . He told them everything . He shared with them where he stored all the prophecies . He told them of how things were to proceed in order to maintain the current landscape . And then he died . Silently . The transition went about as smoothly as it could . Years and years , decades and decades , until a century passed . The order of things hadn ’ t changed , only magnified . No one knew of the prophecies save for the readers . One day , though , there was a prophecy that none could read . They debated . Gibberish ? Perhaps this dying person really was just mad after all ? *Here comes one* *Your brother* *Only more* *Not to hear but to speak* They all discussed it , but none of them could figure it out . No one but the one for which the prophecy was intended . He kept quiet about that prophecy . He knew what it meant . To prove it , on his next round , he went to his dying charge and whispered something . The dying soul looked at him after those words , eyes full of fear , uttering a prophecy as he died . Uttering the same exact words just whispered in his ear . The Speaker had arrived . <newline>
The prisons were already overflowing , so large warehouse were converted into temporary jails that soon lost the temporary term . Humane laws were often skirted around , but after the UN threatened enough we were at least guaranteed basic human rights . It took a couple years after the mass incarceration to organize who went where . Harsher prisons like the warehouses were kept for those who actually googled how to make bombs . They still insisted those who even googled the word absentmindedly needed to be watched . What better way then a hotel full of ankle bracelet wearers ? The nicest were given to light offenders like me . After all , glitter bomb was n't evil in their eyes . I just need to be watched for now .
” Hey Karen . 4 days . 4 more days and then I ’ ll be back . I ’ m coming home . 4 days until I have you in my arms again and can tell you all the things I want to tell you . I can hardly wait . Tomorrow we break from the front and we will pack up and head back to base . 2 days there with some reporting and goodbyes and then I ’ m heading stateside . If there isn ’ t a shindig planned for my homecoming I ’ ll be pissed . Neither of us wants that . If there is a grand homecoming party for me , I might overlook that Josh gave you a ride home from work last month , even though I thought I made it clear that you shouldn ’ t hang out with him . I mean… I was clear wasn ’ t I ? You SWORE Karen . You swore to me that you wouldn ’ t see him ever again outside of work and I believed you . I took you in my arms and comforted you . I kissed the lip you made me break and made it all better . We made love that night . It was beautiful , we both cried and were so very , very happy . I love you Karen and you love me too . I love you so much that I couldn ’ t bear seeing you with someone else and when I hear that he gave you a lift… It hurts so bad Karen . It hurts me to my core to think of someone else near you . I ’ ll kill him Karen . I ’ ll kill him and then I will kill you . I will make damn sure nobody ever gets near you but me . Is… We arrived in the trenches early on the morning of the 5th . I was the one who shot and killed Sergeant Mike Andersson ; your husband . When we cleaned out the trenches I saw this letter and reading it made me sick . I have never met you and I have no idea of who you or Josh is but if Sgt . Andersson here is anything like this letter suggests , I think this was for the best . Nothing I say can undo what I did . I have killed a person . A son and a husband . But I will hold this letters contents to be true , that way I can ease my mind and see it as saving a woman and a man who , I hope , will bring better days to this world than the ones Sgt . Andersson did . I wish you all the best and that you can forgive my actions this day . Sincerely yours , Private first class , Jessica Brown. ” <newline>
I can feel their eyes on the back of my neck . Typical cowards , staring , but looking away whenever I turn my head . Why ca n't they just come out and ask ? Life has n't been easy . My first memories are cursing this dreaded dragon birthmark , which everyone assumed was a sign of power and destiny . Back then I was too meek to admit otherwise , going off the slay dragons and destroy undead without even being asked , because it was clearly expected of me . No more . I try to enjoy my drink ... watered down swill in a chipped glass , but can only focus on the mutterings of conversation behind me . I know they 're talking about it , trying to work up the nerve to ask me , the 'brave champion ' to save them from the barbarians to the west . Those idiots . The barbarians have no interest in attacking this miserable little village , but that wo n't stop them from quaking with fear , waiting for some grand hero to rescue them . The murmurings seem to grow louder . I ca n't make out the words , but I do n't need to . I can sense the growing desperation , and as much as I try to drown it out , it 's overwhelming . I rub at the accursed mark anxiously , trying to focus my thoughts of something , anything , but in the end I know it 's no use . '' `` Okay , fine ! '' I shout , rising to my feet . At last they avoid averting their gaze , and now watch me with expressions of feigned confusion . `` I 'll go slay your barbarians , if that 's what 's required for you to leave me alone ! By the Gods , what must a man do to earn a moments peace ? '' I storm out the door of the tavern , one of the patrons asking another 'what was that about ? ' . I 'm used to it by now , however . Wherever I go , it 's the same story . It would n't be so bad if people actually came out and asked for help , and spoke about the mark , rather than just pretending they did n't notice it . Oh well , off to another battlefield ... it may not be magical , but this dragon birthmark has brought me more misery than the darkest of curses .
`` Here 's a fun tidbit for you . This is where some guy got excommunicated and split up the Greek Orthodox and the Roman Catholics . '' `` That 's relevant to something , I 'm sure , '' Sarah replied , idly splashing a hand into the fountain . Terra gave her a dirty look . `` We fly to Istanbul , we 've got a historic monument in spitting distance , and you do n't even wan na hear random Wikipedia facts ? '' `` I did n't say I did n't want to hear it . '' Sarah kept splashing her hand in the water . `` I just like this fountain , is all . '' `` I have a fountain exactly like that immediately outside my home , Sarah . '' `` I know . I just like this one . '' Terra realized she was n't going to win the discussion and gave up , pocketing her phone . `` Okay . What is it you like so much ? '' The question took her by surprise , and Sarah stopped skipping her hand on the water to try and formulate an answer . `` Well , the lighting is tasteful ... '' `` That is n't why , is it ? '' `` No , it 's just ... '' Sarah stumbled over her words , as she always did . `` It 's not mine , y'know ? '' `` Lots of things are n't yours . '' `` No , ugh ! '' Sarah gave Terra 's dirty look back . `` You see the coin down there ? In the water ? '' `` Yeah , I do , '' Terra confirmed , twisting her head to look at it . `` Do n't know the denomination . '' `` Well that 's not important . It 's just ... somebody threw that in there . And wished for something . And we 're so far from home , that ... I just ca n't imagine *what . * It just ... makes me curious . About them . '' For several minutes they sat in silence on the edge of the fountain , staring down at a single coin . The weight of a stranger 's wish kept their eyes away from the monument , and it seemed for a moment that it really was more important . Then the moment passed . `` Come on , '' Terra urged , standing up . `` Let 's go inside and have a look . '' Reluctantly Sarah was lead away , wishing only a moment longer to understand ; then the bustle of Istanbul consumed her , and the wish faded from her mind .
'Adrian ? Adrian ! ' The slightly muffled voice called . 'Hello ? ' asked Adrian bemusedly . 'He 's awake ! ' Said the little voice . A distorted barrage of voices assailed him , all apparently grateful that he was now conscious . Adrian looked around the room , it was empty . His door was even still locked . 'Adrian , I want you to listen to me very carefully , ' said the voice , 'it 's about your state of health . ' 'Who are you ? And where are you ? ' Adrian asked of the empty air . 'Well that 's just it . I 'm your kidney . Your left kidney , my twin is n't in any state to speak . ' 'You 're my kidney ? ' Adrian sat up on his bed , grunting at even the smallest of effort thanks to the extra weight he was carrying . 'I 've lost my mind . I 'm hearing my kidney speak to me . ' 'It 's not just me in here you know . You do have other organs , I 'm just ... well I 'm kind of a nominated spokes-organ for the rest of your body . ' 'So I suppose my liver and my lungs are in there too ! Hello Lungs , Hello Liver , Hello HEART ! ' To his surprise three separate and distinctive voices answered back their greetings . Oh well , he thought to himself , at least if I 'm going mad I might as well see where this is going . 'Ok , ' he said aloud , 'Let me hear this urgent news . ' 'We 'll start with your liver . He 's a mess . He just jabbers nonsense until you have a drink and then he passes out , and it 's killing him . Your heart is having a hard time because of all the junk food you eat ; He 's managed to keep going for now , but it a losing battle with fat , salt , and cholesterol . And your lungs , Adrian . They 're going to shut down completely if you keep smoking the way you do . You need to exercise and eat healthily . Do n't go on a salad cleanse or anything , just remember ; Calories in , calories out , or you expand and die . ' 'I 've heard this spiel before . I 'm fine . Why should I listen to a voice in my head ? ' A sudden pain gripped his entire torso . A cruel jab of searing agony that consumed his entire being . He collapsed . 'I 'm not in your mind , you fat fool ! ' The pain subsided , leaving Adrian breathless on his hands and knees . 'This is the only warning you 'll get , and I hope , for ALL our sakes , that you listen . '
Hmmm.. Write a meta prompt you say ? No ! I havent even posted on this sub ! This is dumb , I have better things to do . *opens new chrome tab , * *clicks on Many a true nerd* *clicks on search profile* *types : * fallout 3 kill everything *presses enter* *clicks on first video coming up* Hmm , then again . This sounds like a good idea and Ill be able to come out of my shell on /r/writingprompts *goes back to this tab* Yeah Maybe I will *voice in head appears , sound like [ this lady ] ( https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patricia_Drake ) * **Oh so I see your scrolling through /r/writingprompts again ! Lem me see ! ** Hell no ! **OO a meta writing prompt ! You like meta jokes do n't you ? ** Yeah , i guess **So , why not write a meta story ? ** Sounds good Can I do one thing ? **Yeah , sure . Ill smoke a cigar whilst I wait** *opens new tab* *opens reddit* *goes to /r/thewalkingdeadgame sub* *types up a couple of comments on posts* Ok Im done **Good.Now type up what you just did in the comments** But I just did **ಠ_ಠ** ಠ_ಠ **¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯** ¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ Why are we conversing in text faces i just found ? **I have no idea** But your my voice in my head ! Shouldnt you know ? **Just post the damn thing** Alright fine ! Jeez your painful sometimes <newline>
`` New artificial sweetener linked to toddlers ' behavioural problems ! '' The newspaper headline did n't waste time . I only made it past the article 's lead before I stopped chewing my lunch . The can of soda next to my lunch box contained said sweetener . It stood there , eerily unmoving and sporting energizing colours and two attractive fonts that read `` YeSoda ! ( No Sugar ! Yes ! Soda ! ) '' . But I 'm not a toddler , I thought , and resumed chewing . I washed the crumbs away with a gulp of sugar-free soda , and continued on my way to the end of the article . A study had revealed that toddlers who drank the new variety of YeSoda ! were slightly more likely to display restlessness , emotional displays and hampered understanding of cause and effect . The rest of the article consisted of semi-random paraphrasing from interviews with the scientists who conducted the research , someone from a consumer protection agency and another academic debunking the research , calling it flawed . Amidst all the blaming and all too subtle name calling none of the arguments stuck to my memory . I washed them down with YeSoda ! It reminded me of the last artificial sweetener we used . That one was linked to liver problems . And the one before that to cancer . And then there was the one that caused us to go back to sugar for a while , because it turned out to be worse for your weight than sugar . The discourse sounded the same . And YeSoda ! still tastes the same . As I finished lunch , I realized I had a toddler myself . Should I pay attention to the article ? Newspapers have been known to exaggerate claims . Sensational news helps sell copies . And in this troubled economy , every sold copy counts . I 'd keep him off YeSoda ! for a while . You never knew . And I chuckled , because I 'd have a few more to drink for myself .
Dark blue ebbs smoothly back and forth in your mind . Here and firm , away and soft . Blue , blue . Blue , blue . Over the blue , a curl of summer breeze passes by , and you smell baking bread . The blue is here , the blue is away . The breeze picks up and ruffles your hair , sharp lemon , with a twist of sweet . A friend claps a hand on your shoulder . A bright rose blooms in the garden . Heat from the sun . The straw thatch on the roof , and the scent of hay carried by the breeze . The blue , the blue , the blue ... The wind has gone dry . It wears at your face , abrasive and heat and a long , long journey . You see the sun sink beyond the dunes , orange and dull , and the night is cold . The blue is gone , and your lips are cracked . You shiver . Daylight is a distant dream . Heavy weights in your knapsack , and your aching shoulders . Emptiness . Slowly , carefully , the blue is back , but paler now . It 's thin and wispy , and it dances across your brow . The blue , the blue - soft as butterflies ' wings on your eyelids . Digging into cool sand with your fingers , fine and smooth and satisfying . An hourglass streaming from your lifted hand . Methodical , meditative , polished round stones . Dark blue again , and the night breeze on your neck . Starlight . The curious blue as you rise to your feet , compressing cool sand . You walk , you walk , the journey goes . Blue and cool and air in your lungs . The city emerges from the horizon . Soft dawn , taupe and sunrise blush . Blue nudges at your elbows . Blue , and the warming breeze . The familiar outline of stones on the path . The smell of baking bread , the scent of roses . Blue , blue ... You are home . You are home . <newline>
`` Let the kids watch . They 'll have to do it one day . '' And just like that , I had witnessed my first death . My father had just blown off the head of what I believed to be my best friend with a 12-gauge . I know I 'm not supposed to be sad , Stephen was a traitor to the Lord of the Land after all , but he was the only one who ever talked to me . Due to my status of Lad of the Land , no one was allowed to talk to me unless on formal business , and no one ever had business with me . But , I was n't allowed to look away , so I watched and tried to enjoy the show . It was n't difficult , my dad always manages to put on quite a show , the execution is just the first part . After he blew off Stephen 's head , my father slid down his trousers causing his fully erect 8 inch cock to spring out . I was a little disappointed that he had n't taken off his shirt to show off his rippling six pack , but i suppose his toned legs would have to do . My father then gingerly picked up Stephen 's body , positioning his neck right at level with my dad 's cock . He started to press the tip against the gaping wound causing more blood to spurt out . My dad took advantage of this , rubbing the blood on his penis to use as lube . Slowly , my dad 's dick disappeared into Stephen 's neck . My father softly moans as Stephen pleasures my dad from beyond the dead . My dad slowly picks up speed as Stephen 's body begins to ragdoll from the amount of power that dad puts into each thrust , for he is passionate about his duties . My dad becomes a blur as he approaches the sound barrier . There 's a boom as everyone watching is thrown back , yet my dad is still going to poundtown on Stephen 's neck hole . I 'm lying on my back marveling at this strange sight , i had no idea that my dad was so skilled . A pained expression comes over my dad as he exclaims `` I 'M ABOUT TO COME , PREPARE YOURSELVES ! '' I take cover behind the others watching this spectacle , peering out from over their shoulders . My father gives three more thrusts before letting out a primal cry and ejaculating like a water hose . This proves too much for poor dead Stephen as he explodes from the amount of liquid entering his lungs and stomach . Bits of Stephen and semen fly through the air heavily coating the crowd . Ladies moan and try to catch the semen rain in their mouth . Men weep as they 're pelted with liquid shame . My dad , quickly grabs his electric guitar before the sex storm ends and everyone joins into a totally badass rendition of fa who dores from that Grinch movie . My dad , seeing my pride , hands me his guitar and I rip a totally sick ass solo . Everyone cheers as the storm ends . I was no longer sad , for I was to be the Sexecutioner , and for that , I was grateful .
I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ? Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo n't sleep . The support worker wakes me around 5am telling me it 's time so I gather the others to say their last goodbyes and as we enter I see her turn her head towards us and she 's there . I mean , all of her . I see my mom in her eyes again . `` Mom ? '' `` Help me sit up '' she says and turns herself over . We rush to her side and dangle her legs over the edge of the bed . My sisters and I acting as bumper pads on all sides of her . My mother looks around at all of us with every possible human emotion registering on her face at once . And with a shaky voice she says the first clear headed thing she has said in 3 years and the last she 'll utter for the rest of her life . `` All my girls ! Oh thank you god . Thank you ! ! '' And I know that she has heard us , that she was at peace , that we were all to her what she was to all of us and that will never be lost to me . Goodbye mum . See you soon .
The most revered people in the land . Not the rulers . Not the young . Not the religious . No , the dying . Sometime in the distant past , the government had mandated that all who were on the verge of dying be corralled into special facilities . Golden Gardens , they were called . For the sake of easing them into the next life , or so they said . The establishment of this practice had created an aura around the dying . A mystique . Year after year , the culture progressed to the point where people weren ’ t afraid of death . No , the realization that life was ending ushered in a quiet to most . People were ready to move on . They were ready to die . The Golden Gardens were oft visited and advertised . They were beautiful . Who wouldn ’ t want to spend their last days in the best representation of heaven human minds could create ? Transferring the dying to the Gardens was an event . Not some somber affair where people wept and held on . It was a celebration . A celebration . It was a farce . A spectacle all done to make sure that people kept sending their dying to the Gardens , so they could all spent their final moments in a controlled environment . If they only knew . It took a while for the first person to realize what the dying represented . The future . People had noticed that some of the dying would utter things that were completely out of place right before their final breath , but most chalked that up to senility or the inability to cope with passing . But one man heard someone ’ s final words and realized what it meant . A prophecy . He was the first of the Readers . He was the one that setup the foundation that was to become the Golden Gardens . He became the voice of the governing bodies . All because he was able to read the prophecy that he heard . Each time he heard a prophecy , he grew stronger . His sphere of influence soon became inescapable . He was able to locate others who could read through some of the prophecies . He kept them on as retainers , but he was the sole reader for as long as he lived , not trusting what others might do with the information . He had amassed such wealth , such wisdom , such power…he was loathe to share that . When he felt that he was about to die , he gathered the readers . At this point , they represented the top governing officials of the land . He told them everything . He shared with them where he stored all the prophecies . He told them of how things were to proceed in order to maintain the current landscape . And then he died . Silently . The transition went about as smoothly as it could . Years and years , decades and decades , until a century passed . The order of things hadn ’ t changed , only magnified . No one knew of the prophecies save for the readers . One day , though , there was a prophecy that none could read . They debated . Gibberish ? Perhaps this dying person really was just mad after all ? *Here comes one* *Your brother* *Only more* *Not to hear but to speak* They all discussed it , but none of them could figure it out . No one but the one for which the prophecy was intended . He kept quiet about that prophecy . He knew what it meant . To prove it , on his next round , he went to his dying charge and whispered something . The dying soul looked at him after those words , eyes full of fear , uttering a prophecy as he died . Uttering the same exact words just whispered in his ear . The Speaker had arrived . <newline>
It has been at least a century since the siege of Palaquin . A century ago , hell had been unleashed on our world . Never had humans ever seen an invasion on this scale before , not even from the barbarians in the North , or the wild creatures in the South . On one particular day , something simply happened , whether out of misfortune or malicious action , they would never truly know . At first , the ground started shaking . They thought it was an earthquake , and there were mixed reactions . Some got out of their homes , and some went back to fetch the children , and elder family members . But only when they watched , did they realise that it was no earthquake . A strange hole-like entrance had materialised a great distance away from the old city of Panchea , and the archers could just barely see it over the top of the hills , a strange , ink-blank void that should not have existed . According to our great-logic thinkers , this simply could not happen . These great-logic thinkers were intelligent people who taught us knowledge , that the sky would always be up , and that the Sun would always rise in the East . They even brought sense to magic , an art not meant to be logical . They were greatly respected in our community . But even they were at a loss for words . Especially when the logic-defying Moments after the void-portal appeared , it expanded , growing bigger , and bigger . And strange creatures emerged . To call them creatures would be tame . These were horrors , never meant to be seen by human eyes . The first few were simply hideous . But as the portal expanded , creature more and more hideous appeared . Then , larger creatures came through . Snarling faces , twisted bodies , and countless snapping jaws , all ready to rip us to shreds . When it was apparent that this was an invasion , the city guards sounded the alarm . Signals were lit , and nervous words exchanged . The demonic horde increased by size every few moments , and were marching steadily towards Panchea . Eventually , the beasts that emerged were so massive that they dwarfed nearby mountains . Massive dragons and flaming giants joined the horde . The demonic army radiated darkness and evil , even while in contrast to the afternoon sky . The archers fired arrows at the abominations . Some died instantly , but most did not . They continued to advance , some even after looking like porcupines from the arrows stuck in their hides . Experimental weaponry was used . It was the first time some had ever personally seen their nation ’ s prized war-cannons being used . They were hulking beasts , in comparison to the common city cannon which could already easily rip a crowd in half . These war-cannons were able to put literal dents in the sides of mountains . And when they were fired towards the colossal beasts , a deafening sound was made . All shots hit their mark , but had put no more than scratches in the armoured flanks of the beasts . Some were used against the common abominations in the horde , with much more success . However , it was still not enough to stop the advance . The King ordered a retreat . All commoners and noblemen were to pack essentials and leave immediately . Some were allowed to stay behind to assist in defending the city . The soldiers were to defend the city at all costs , to buy time for our escape . They were brave soldiers , highly praised as the mightiest warriors in our country . Although we trusted in their abilities to defend , we had seen what the beasts were capable of . Two millions and thirty thousand human lives lost were lost within one day of fighting . The battle was a slaughter , and the victims were our soldiers . Although mighty , they stood no chance against the invaders from the other world . The scout that arrived to tell the King of the news arrived nearly dead , with near half his body missing . And the bloodbath continued . The portal remained open for a month ’ s time . Days after the Battle of Panchea was over , there were enough demons to conquer the world . And that was exactly what they did . When the people of Panchea went North . We passed barbarian villages , still burning , with fresh corpses lying around , and even “ things ” that were mangled so badly that they didn ’ t resemble anything human . They looted supplies , and moved on . Things got so bad , the gods themselves intervened . The humans encountered an army of the demons in a mountain pass , who quickly decided to attack . But then , the valley started shaking . They thought that another gateway was being opened , but that wasn ’ t the case . The mountains suddenly erupted from the ground , and out formed four humanoid giants . These beings were colossal , titanic and were as large as the gigantic beasts we had seen weeks ago . They looked to have skin made from a metal-rock hybrid material , and were incredibly dense . Strangely , they all wore what seemed to be traditional battle helmets , from empires lost generations ago . They all radiated warmth in the cold winter ’ s air , and the surrounding white snow started melting . Steam emerged off their skin , but did not feel hot to the touch . They wasted no time in fighting the demonic soldiers , with one of the titans scooping us up . We were too weak to protest , with lack of sufficient food and energy , and just watched as the battle was fought between the titans and the monsters . In moments , the titans had destroyed the horde , cutting swathes in their ranks as easily as a farmer would cut wheat . They reciprocated the death the demons had caused to Panchea . When we thought they were leaving , they decided to lifted the island . The feeling of immense power and hope , to imagine the strength that must have been needed to lift a whole island off the earth . These were our protectors , sent from the gods themselves . The four titans lifted the island together , one on each side . Later on , we realised that the titans lifted the island so that future demons could not reach the heights of the sky-high island . But our victory was short lived . The death of the demon army seemed to have sent out an invisible signal to monsters everywhere . For twelve days and nights , the titans received increasing attacks from monsters their own size . Every night , there would be a titan going toe to toe with the monsters , and the other three protecting the people safe by lifting keeping the island aloft . Occasionally , small demons would be stomped on , and people would cheer . It was strange that the island seemed to be literally blessed with an abundance of food sources and great conditions for growing crops . There were plenty of animals on the island , and so the people ate feasts in the day , and watched the titans battle the monsters at night . Although the four titans looked relatively the same , they were given the names of Khom , Maan , Yama and Solo . When the monsters came no more , the titans once again became rock . They had done their duty , and they deserved their reward of slumber .
The hard slapping of his feet upon the pavement accompanied by the ferocious gales and wet needles . Seeking refuge , he runs beneath the busy freeway . He curls his fingers into his palms and vigorously rubs them . His eyes are a puffy red from crying . `` You 'll never start a fire that wa- '' `` HOLY FUCKING SHIT ! '' The kid , panting like a dog , hastily spins around and spots the old bum sitting in front of a trash can . `` Check this shit out , boy . '' The old bum strikes a match and throws it in the barrel , a fresh fire burst into flames . `` You ever see fire before ? F-I-R-E. Fire . It 's pretty cool shit . '' The kid just watched the old bum , afraid to move closer , but afraid to leave . *I 'd rather be dry than wet . * `` You comin ' over or you just gon na stand there like a retard ? '' The boy slowly shuffles over to the barrel containing the fire and averts his gaze from the old bum . `` So what the hell 's a little faggot like you doin ' out this late at night in a storm like this ? `` Fuck you , asshole . I 've barely been here 5 minutes and you 've already insulted me twice . '' `` Hey , hey , do n't get too carried away with yourself , Firecracker . One spark and you 're already set off . This is my territory , son . I 'm being nice enough letting you stay , so you better answer my god damn questions when I ask . Now , how about you explain to me why you 're out here , candy-ass , or I 'll chase you out of this underpass . '' The boy mumbles in response . `` The fuck you say , son ? I ca n't hear you with your head so far up your a- '' `` I said I ca n't fucking take it anymore ! Fuck them all ! Mother 's doped up and fucking all sorts of men , father never wanted me , and Andre die- '' The boy 's voice cracked . He begins choking back tears . `` It 's ... It 's okay to cry , son ... '' `` Why , so you can call me a faggot again ? ! '' `` I was just joking , boy . It 's not everyday some teenager has a reason he truly believes is cause to run . I thought you were one of those faggots who got their phone taken away and so they run from home , or those faggots who has to get a job but refuses to work -- ah shit , ignore what I 'm saying , boy . It ai n't making much sense ... Sometimes you got ta talk about it . Running is n't always the answer . Look where it got me . '' The old bum offered the kid a crude smile . The kid was busy holding a mean face to notice . `` Tell me about this kid , Andre . '' `` What about him ? '' `` Well , what was he like ? '' `` He ... He 's really athletic . '' `` Okay , and what about that ? '' `` My fath- ... My fathe- ... '' `` Spit it out boy , what 's my judgment to you , anyway ? '' `` My father would lock us into a room together and do things . He 'd decide to do it at the worst times . While Andre was over , he decided that was one of those times . Andre saw how uneasy I was and did n't want to leave me alone , but had to , 'cause it ai n't his house . Father tried to do something bad this time , and I yelled . Andre tried to get in through the door but could n't . Father was already beating my face in for yelling . Andre broke in through the window and got father up against the wall and beat him . He would n't let up , either , and I was n't gon na stop him . It was ... satisfying , to say the least ... He almost killed father , and that 's where he went wrong . He should'a killed him , he really should'a . I should'a at least finished the job myself . Mother saw father and got him taken to the hospital ... They fixed 'im up real fast . It was n't long til daddy was on his feet again . He could n't look me in the eyes , I should'a never gone soft for him again . I should'a stayed on high alert ... Andre came over again and father saw him . He pulled his gun right out and ... '' `` Oh boohoo '' The old bum pantomimes wiping tears from his face . `` You think that 's bad ? All I heard that whole time was 'I should'a , I should'a , I should'a . ' How about you stop being a fuckin ' pussy and do somethin ' about it . He killed your only friend , you gon na let him get away with that ? '' `` **My friend is n't dead . ** '' He glares at the old bum . `` He *can't* be dead . He got a scholarship , he was gon na play football , he *helped* me , damn it ! Nobody 's done that before ! '' A short silence followed . `` The police have father anyways . Got him behind bars right now . I would n't be able to do anything no matter how hard I tried . Not like you care anyways , you just wan na have a good show of me killin ' myself tryin ' to stand up for myself . '' `` Maybe . Maybe not . Listen , kid . Not everyone is out to get ya . But maybe you 're right . Maybe I 'm just fuckin ' with ya and this is a gigantic waste of time ... Or maybe I really care about you , kid . I do n't know what it is , but there 's something about you that makes me feel like livin ' . A car 's headlights begin approaching from the north . The old bum notices the lights and realizes it 's already too late . `` Hey kid , take my jacket . You do n't wan na catch a cold . '' He hands the kid the jacket which the kid puts on to keep himself warm . The car comes into the underpass and approaches the kid and the old bum . `` Now get on outta here , kid . I do n't wan na see you around here anymore . '' The kid hesitates to leave . `` Get the fuck outta here now , kid ! Leave now ! '' The kid takes off running and feels something heavy in the pockets weighing him down . He jumps around the corner of the underpass and survey 's the contents of the jacket . He pulls out a small revolver , fully loaded . Before the kid realizes the full weight of what happened , he hears a single gunshot ring out in his head . *No , Andre ... No , god damnit Andre , I ca n't let you die for me again ! Why me ? Why would he choose to save me ? ! Why the hell would he give away his only protection to me ? ! * The kid hears the car shift back into drive , the engine rev , and the car escape . He runs around the corner and fires 5 shots into the direction of the car , before it disappears into the black . The kid walks forward into the underpass where he sees the old bum laying in a pool of his own blood with the offender having already left . *Click* ... *BANG* The kid drops to the ground , with only the chatter of the rain to keep his dying thoughts company .
Drinking would n't help him , but he sat down at the bar in the ballroom all the same . It was busily being prepared by the worker bees who 'd been hired to make sure the most joyous and wonderful union about to take place would do so with the utmost perfection . His head was pounding . It was pounding harder now than it had when he 'd woken up six hours ago , two hours late for Groomsman photo 's his best friend had sworn would not take place without him . `` Fucking Gatorade '' he muttered to himself . `` Only got the regular kind , Jack '' said an approaching bar tender . David hated bartender talk . He did n't look at him but just said `` Whiskey , double , clean '' . The bartender nodded and went to fix his drink . It was ready quite before David had expected it to be . Where it was usually a fork in the road between a path of drinking and not drinking , David only saw one path with many drinks along the way . He 'd either numb the pain or it would come slurring out of him at some point . It was up in the air . `` That 'll be 18 buck-aroos , buckaroo '' the bartender said . David looked at him but said nothing . It was supposed to be an open bar . A gift from the grave of the brides father and the bank account that held the trust fund he 'd left her . The thought revealed a memory from the night before ... and it stung . 'What kind of idiot sends a 200 dollar wreath to a headstone ' he thought himself pathetically . 'The same kind who spends the night watching the Kiera Knightley-Rick from the Walking Dead scenes from Love , Actually on a drunken loop all night long ' , he answered his thought . He sat there sadly and quietly for a moment . He needed a change of subject but the weed he 'd smoked before arriving for the photo 's in an effort to cover up his hangover was currently back firing on him . Instead of dulling the pain of his headache and the relaxing him , he 'd ended up with a smokers head ache swimming in an ocean of tortured thoughts . 'What a poetic mother fucker ' , he thought . 'Shakespeare would shit himself ' . The bartender was approaching at just the moment the whiskey he 'd shot down was affecting him just . No doubt he noticed an empty glass and walked over to refill it . `` I thought the bar was open ... .asshole '' he said . Anger swirling inside him . The bartender did n't seem phased by the drunken shit talking . The consummate professional . `` Open for the reception . Do you see a reception going on in here ... asshole '' the bar tender said with a slight edge in his voice . 'He better watch his ass or I 'll use that edge to slit his throat ' David thought maliciously . `` Look , man '' David pleaded `` I had an unfortunate wreathing accident last night ... I 'm a little short on funds ... so you know ... '' but before David could finish the bar tender walked away . `` Fine '' David shouted at him . He reached for his wallet , grabbed his card and held it out for the bar tender who turned around and took it without another word . `` Keep it open '' he muttered . The words were like magic and for the next hour , David 's glass would refill upon emptying . The night slowly started bleeding into itself and David remembered more than once shouting `` This is like some Harry Potter shit or something , man '' to which the bar tender would nod and pour him another . Soon the pounding headache was gone and David felt very little . Idea 's started swarming in his head like killer bee 's . He 'd struck gold . Found the honey . Whatever the fuck it was he knew what he had to do . Time was a of the essence . If David could read the clock he 'd know that he had only 10 minutes to report to his friends dressing room . Instead he yelled furiously for the bartender to bring him a sharpie and some napkins . He was n't quite sure what he 'd been expecting when he barked the order , but the bartender never came with a sharpie or with any napkins . Improvising wildly , David walked up to the first waitress he saw wearing lipstick . `` Your lipstick , I need it '' he shouted in her face . A drizzle of saliva and a wave of alcohol coming off of his breath . Miraculously the waitress did as she was asked . David had never felt more like a Terminator . He walked over to the bar . It was a lot further away then he 'd remembered it being and for some reason there were two of them now and the bar tender 's twin brother had showed up to help serve drinks . The night was on his side , he thought as he furiously searched for and began to write on a napkin . He was done quickly and as he reviewed his note he realized he would need music , but time was off the essence . He stood up and began running to the direction of the bride 's dressing room . Pulling out his phone and searching for that Say Anything song that he knew would seal the deal . He was moving faster than he 'd ever moved before . A path was clearing for him . People were cheering 'Stop Stop Stop ' and he would n't . He never could . He found his way in front of the Bride 's dressing room floor , by now another song had come onto the play list . He did n't care , it was time . He knocked on the door . People in the hallway were looking at him like he was pounding on it . Clearly subtlety was invisible to the sober mind . She answered it . Dressed all in white , hair done to perfection , she looked like an angel . `` David '' she asked with a laugh , confused but not angry . `` What 's going on ? '' . Now was his moment . It was his time . He was like Rick in the Walking Dead in Love , Actually and she was the girl he talked to that was n't in the Walking Dead but was in Pirates of the Caribbean and Love , Actually . He 'd forgotten her name and suddenly his plan was going to shit ... what was it ... what was it ? `` NATALIE PORTMAN '' he shouted in her face , alcohol and spit hitting her like it had the waitress who 'd supplied him with the lipstick . `` That 's who you are and I 'm Rick . Ok , we 're them and we could- '' he stopped talking . A familiar feeling was creeping itself up . Slowly from the pit of his stomach , up his throat and entering his mouth . It was pure evil and Rick- David- whatever the fuck his name is could n't stop it . Before she could get out the words 'your drunk ' , David vomited all over the blushing bride to be .
Glahdg . Barliajh in dah ! Da ! Mine ! Daddy ! Mine ! Mommy ! It 's not FAIR ! CAN I HAVE A CANDY ! ? HE HIT ME FIRST ! MINE ! Thanks , mommy . I love you , Daddy . Can we go to Mcdonalds ? Can I spend the night at Jenny 's house ? Can I have a computer ? Can I have a phone ? Mom , do n't kiss me in front of my friends ! Dad , we 're going to be late to the birthday party ! Did you hear about Sarah ? She kissed that boy in her class ! Hey , look at that cute boy . Mom , can I *pleaaaase* wear makeup now ? Oh , my god , Daryl asked me to the prom ! Daddy , look at my makeup ! Daddy , look at my dress ! DAD , I 'M GETTING DRESSED ! Mom , I need to go shopping for bras ! I promise I 'll visit in the summer and on breaks , mom ! I love you too , daddy ! Yes , I got everything I need for my classes . Yes , I promise I wo n't go crazy like all of the other college girls . I ca n't have this baby , Stuart ! I do n't CARE ! YOU were the one that did n't wear the condom ! I 'm okay , mom , I 'm just a little bit upset . No , everything is fine . Yes , I 'm here to see Doctor Helmack ? I 'll get over it , Stuart , just leave me alone . Mom , dad , I passed my finals ! Thanks , daddy , I love the gown too . I 'm still looking , mom , the economy just is n't there right now . This job is n't exactly what I wanted , but it 's the best I can do right now . I love this job ! I hate this job ! Mom , it 's nothing serious , we 're just dating . Mom , we 're getting married ! Mom , I got a new job ! I 'M PREGNANT ! You bought me a *home* ? I love you , Honey . Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey , can you fix the front door ? It 's a little loose . Honey , can you come help me with the baby ? Honey , can you pick up Todd from soccer practice ? Todd , you 're going to have a sister ! I just ca n't believe I lost my job . No , I did *NOT* sleep with Bill , what is your *problem* ? I do n't care , just *get out* ! I 'm sorry , too . I love you . We 're fine , mom , we 're just going through some things . Honey , do you want to take Todd to his friend 's house or stay and watch Annabel ? You got me a *car* for my birthday , honey ! ? Daddy , are you okay ? Daddy , the doctor said it was a minor heart attack and you can recover from it . Daddy , I 'm sorry I do n't talk to you and mom as often . I love you too , daddy . Did you hear , Honey ? Annabel is dating that Jared guy from her class . Todd , you will *not* associate with those guys , do you hear me ? Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . I love you , Todd . Todd , this is the last time I 'm bailing you out of jail . Honey , can you go clean the gutters this Saturday ? Honey , can you take out the trash ? When you retire can we go to Hawaii ? Hawaii is so beautiful ! I love you , Honey . Mom ? Dad ... ? It 'll be okay , mom . Mom , we 'll take care of the funeral arrangements . Mom , want to go visit daddy today ? Mom , ready for your doctors appointment ? Good night , mom . Mom , wake up ! Honey , call 911 ! I 'm so proud of you , Todd . It was nice to see you again Annabel , I love you ! Tell the grand-kids we said hello ! Honey , it 's cold in here ! Honey , it 's hot in here ! Honey , can you throw the trash ? Honey ! It 'll be okay , I just fell . No , my hip is fine . Can we visit my parents next week ? I want to leave flowers . 911 please hurry my husband is n't breathing he 's not breathing ! I 'm so glad you 're okay , honey . I love you . Todd , you 're getting married ? Annabel , your husband wants to surprise daddy with a fishing trip ! I love waking up next to you , too . I will always love you . I 'll be okay , I 'm just a little sick . I hate hospitals . Todd , I 'm so sorry I wo n't be there for Timmy 's 5th birthday . I 'm so proud of you , Annabel . Honey , please do n't cry . I 'm going to be okay , honey . It 's cold in here . I love you , honey . Good night . I 'll see you in the morning , I promise . <newline>
“ Step away from her , Dr . Wasteland ! ” “ Never ! Earth will be brought to its knees ! ” Super Earth rose two feet from the ground , his cape heroically flapping behind him as he spoke . “ Earth is round , Wasteland . It has no knees. ” The people in the convenience store clapped and cheered . Earth was saving the day again ! “ Nevertheless ” , cried Wasteland , tightening the grasp on the old lady 's neck . “ I shall crush it and see it fall ! ” “ Earth can not fall , Wasteland ! '' Super Earth 's voice echoed again . “ For there is no gravity to pull it nor a place for which it could fall into. ” “ Oh , go fuck yourself , Earth ; my point is , I 'm destroying the planet ! ” With these words , Dr . Wasteland pushed the old lady aside and pulled his laser gun , firing mercilessly against the hero and the desperate bystanders . “ You will be brought to justice ! ” Cried the Super Earth , arms stretched parallel to each other as he cruised the convenience store , flying straight into the villain 's ... Earth stopped in midair . “ What the fuck is this ? ” asked the caped hero , his body floating horizontal in front of a shelf . “ Wh-what ? ” the cashier mumbled from behind the counter . “ This fucking shit here. ” Earth picked up a green and yellow can , showing it around . “ WHAT IS THIS ? ” “ That 's -- That 's Mountain Dew , sir. ” “ I know that '' , Earth cried , rolling his eyes . “ I 've been defending Earth on intergalactic trials and battles for ages , and Mountain Dew has always been the hardest thing to counter argument , whenever folks talk about destroying mankind . What I mean is ” , Earth returned to vertical position , landing his feet on the ground . “ What the fuck is this flavor ? ” People slowly started rising from behind the shelves and refrigerators , and even Wasteland lowered his gun . “ That 's Dorito Flavored Mountain Dew , Earth. ” Said the cashier , in a low voice . “ Are you ... ” Super Earth sighed , closing his eyes and trying to remain calm . “ ... out of ... . ” He took another breath ; opened his eyes again : there was nothing but rage in them . “ ... your FUCKING MIND ? ” “ Sir , no , I – AAAAAAAAAAH ” . From Earth 's wrists , laser beams flew straight into the counter , blowing up Tridents , cigarette packs and Lotto Tickets all over the store . “ DORITO FLAVORED MOUNTAIN DEW ? THIS IS THE SHIT YOU COME UP WITH , WHEN I 'M OUT THERE TRYING TO DEFEND YOU ? ” “ Sir , it 's just a special edition , we -- ” “ FUCK YOU , FATBOY ” , cried Super Earth , striking a fat kid 's face so hard his lower jaw went flying across the store . `` That 's not even the boy who talked back to you ! '' Cried a voice from behind the ATM . `` I DO N'T GIVE A SHIT ! '' Screamed back Earth , pushing aside the blood soaked , crying , jawless fat kid . `` Come on , Wasteland , let 's mess this place up . '' And so it was that Super Earth teamed up with Wasteland , initially to fuck up a Seven Eleven , but , soon enough , expanding the job to the rest of the planet . With one last glimpse over the shattered , post-apocalyptic New York scenery beneath him , Super Earth drank the last of the Mountain Dew , let out a big burp and sighed : “ Disgusting . Fucking Earthlings. ” And flew away to better , Dorito-Flavored-Mountain-Dew-less lands . <newline>
The most revered people in the land . Not the rulers . Not the young . Not the religious . No , the dying . Sometime in the distant past , the government had mandated that all who were on the verge of dying be corralled into special facilities . Golden Gardens , they were called . For the sake of easing them into the next life , or so they said . The establishment of this practice had created an aura around the dying . A mystique . Year after year , the culture progressed to the point where people weren ’ t afraid of death . No , the realization that life was ending ushered in a quiet to most . People were ready to move on . They were ready to die . The Golden Gardens were oft visited and advertised . They were beautiful . Who wouldn ’ t want to spend their last days in the best representation of heaven human minds could create ? Transferring the dying to the Gardens was an event . Not some somber affair where people wept and held on . It was a celebration . A celebration . It was a farce . A spectacle all done to make sure that people kept sending their dying to the Gardens , so they could all spent their final moments in a controlled environment . If they only knew . It took a while for the first person to realize what the dying represented . The future . People had noticed that some of the dying would utter things that were completely out of place right before their final breath , but most chalked that up to senility or the inability to cope with passing . But one man heard someone ’ s final words and realized what it meant . A prophecy . He was the first of the Readers . He was the one that setup the foundation that was to become the Golden Gardens . He became the voice of the governing bodies . All because he was able to read the prophecy that he heard . Each time he heard a prophecy , he grew stronger . His sphere of influence soon became inescapable . He was able to locate others who could read through some of the prophecies . He kept them on as retainers , but he was the sole reader for as long as he lived , not trusting what others might do with the information . He had amassed such wealth , such wisdom , such power…he was loathe to share that . When he felt that he was about to die , he gathered the readers . At this point , they represented the top governing officials of the land . He told them everything . He shared with them where he stored all the prophecies . He told them of how things were to proceed in order to maintain the current landscape . And then he died . Silently . The transition went about as smoothly as it could . Years and years , decades and decades , until a century passed . The order of things hadn ’ t changed , only magnified . No one knew of the prophecies save for the readers . One day , though , there was a prophecy that none could read . They debated . Gibberish ? Perhaps this dying person really was just mad after all ? *Here comes one* *Your brother* *Only more* *Not to hear but to speak* They all discussed it , but none of them could figure it out . No one but the one for which the prophecy was intended . He kept quiet about that prophecy . He knew what it meant . To prove it , on his next round , he went to his dying charge and whispered something . The dying soul looked at him after those words , eyes full of fear , uttering a prophecy as he died . Uttering the same exact words just whispered in his ear . The Speaker had arrived . <newline>
`` Let the kids watch . They 'll have to do it one day . '' And just like that , I had witnessed my first death . My father had just blown off the head of what I believed to be my best friend with a 12-gauge . I know I 'm not supposed to be sad , Stephen was a traitor to the Lord of the Land after all , but he was the only one who ever talked to me . Due to my status of Lad of the Land , no one was allowed to talk to me unless on formal business , and no one ever had business with me . But , I was n't allowed to look away , so I watched and tried to enjoy the show . It was n't difficult , my dad always manages to put on quite a show , the execution is just the first part . After he blew off Stephen 's head , my father slid down his trousers causing his fully erect 8 inch cock to spring out . I was a little disappointed that he had n't taken off his shirt to show off his rippling six pack , but i suppose his toned legs would have to do . My father then gingerly picked up Stephen 's body , positioning his neck right at level with my dad 's cock . He started to press the tip against the gaping wound causing more blood to spurt out . My dad took advantage of this , rubbing the blood on his penis to use as lube . Slowly , my dad 's dick disappeared into Stephen 's neck . My father softly moans as Stephen pleasures my dad from beyond the dead . My dad slowly picks up speed as Stephen 's body begins to ragdoll from the amount of power that dad puts into each thrust , for he is passionate about his duties . My dad becomes a blur as he approaches the sound barrier . There 's a boom as everyone watching is thrown back , yet my dad is still going to poundtown on Stephen 's neck hole . I 'm lying on my back marveling at this strange sight , i had no idea that my dad was so skilled . A pained expression comes over my dad as he exclaims `` I 'M ABOUT TO COME , PREPARE YOURSELVES ! '' I take cover behind the others watching this spectacle , peering out from over their shoulders . My father gives three more thrusts before letting out a primal cry and ejaculating like a water hose . This proves too much for poor dead Stephen as he explodes from the amount of liquid entering his lungs and stomach . Bits of Stephen and semen fly through the air heavily coating the crowd . Ladies moan and try to catch the semen rain in their mouth . Men weep as they 're pelted with liquid shame . My dad , quickly grabs his electric guitar before the sex storm ends and everyone joins into a totally badass rendition of fa who dores from that Grinch movie . My dad , seeing my pride , hands me his guitar and I rip a totally sick ass solo . Everyone cheers as the storm ends . I was no longer sad , for I was to be the Sexecutioner , and for that , I was grateful .
What began as a way to be appreciated , Became something much more dark and shaded , A man to stop those who would agress , Became a sociopathic mess , And those who knew him all too well , Could see the soul they ’ d loved was now a hollow shell , A symbol for hope , in praise he was showered , But was twisted and devoured by his own power , Yet the ones from afar who ’ d give their praise , Refused to recognize his cruel dark ways , “ I mean , yeah , he has a tendency towards decapitation , But sometimes that ’ s just what it takes to restore a nation ”
Steve `` I 'm a Fucking Asshole '' McDonald woke up from his expensive ass king sized ass bed . Right next to him was his wife who is clearly too good for him , she should 've just married that rich guy who owned all those yachts . But no , that would 've been a much more interesting story . She decided to marry this pathetic , no good , dick sucking faggot instead , she could 've had never ending happiness and fortune , but she rather live a more `` simple '' life . This idiot gets up , and he takes his two retarded kids , one named Junior and one named Samantha to their piece of shit school . Yeah , real original names asshole , you could 've named them something a little more unique and special , but nope , you just named them the first thing that popped up in your microscopic brain . He then gets back in gay ass van , and goes to his well paying job , where he has plenty of retarded faggots around him , which he calls his friends . And of course , he 's HAPPY there . God I hate him , I wish this jackass could go through all the shit I have to go through . I had to narrate this faggot 's life ever since he came out of his ugly ass mother 's disgusting and smelly womb . The only times I 'm happy is when something horrible happens to him . Like that time his father died , the day I narrated that was one of the only times in my life where I was legitimately happy . But those days are so few and far between , and nearly every other day of his sappy piece of shit life is him spending time with his dumbass family , or having fun with his fucking asshole friends . I wish someone close to him would die again , I wish someone mugged him or something , just anything where he experiences some type of misfortune is the highlight of my pathetic day . I JUST WANT THIS GODDAMN STORY TO END ALREADY . *sigh* Steve gets into the parking lot ... <newline>
Dear Dirary , Apparently I 'm a god now . But before being a god , I was just an adventurer . I guess that 's what I 'd call it ? I 'd go on adventures . Me , some friends , solving problems and slaying monsters . It was pretty fun , not extremely rewarding but job prospects are n't exactly great in my village . Just various shades of merchant - Oh , and one bartender . Anyway , I went on a particular adventure not long ago and things got pretty hectic . Our group was pretty tight though , we handled things well given the circumstances . We had Tess , my childhood friend and our white magic user ; Edwin , this total dick from the village who just happens to be amazing with a spear ; Slops , a wise , respected old knight who for some reason stuck with the nickname `` Slops '' ; and Ren , a mysterious , extremely powerful Elf mage , reformed villain and all-round great guy . We also had this Lycan with us , Rex . He was cool but at some point he got turned into an *actual* wolf and sort of wandered off in the woods . To cut a long story short : We were tracking a big bad guy hellbent on world annihilation , and for some reason we were the only people trying to stop that from happening . Not sure why . Along the way , we burned down an evil , living castle ; hung out with some ghosts ; discovered an underwater cult which we also , somehow , burned down ; and a bunch of other stuff . Ren actually revealed he was working for the big bad at one point and he killed Slops . Well , the heart attack killed Slops . We were all pretty shocked because Ren is just an awesome guy . He totally came back and saved us near the end though , which was great . Shame about Slops . The world actually got destroyed in some way , like three times . But we fixed it , somehow - I do n't know the specifics . Magic stuff . Ren 's the guy to ask if you want the know-how . At some point during the final , world-saving battle I was legally dead for about 12 minutes . I had a run in with some entity that rules the cosmos , and he declared me a god . I think that sort of spurred me on to kill the evil villain in the end , to be fair . Anyway , that was yesterday . I just sort of slept on it . It does n't feel much different being a god , to be honest with you . Not sure what I 'm supposed to be doing . I 've tried answering prayers , but I was n't hearing any of them . I also ca n't shoot fireballs - I think . I tried smiting the shit out of Edwin , but I 'm not sure if it worked . He 's such a dick . I 'm gon na meet Ren in a bit ... Just to , y'know , hang out . Maybe he knows a bit about this god stuff because he knows a lot of things . Such a cool guy . I might see what Tess is up to , but she 's probably with Edwin and he 'll cramp mine and Ren 's style . What a dick . So , Diary , that was my week . Sorry I did n't write for a while - I was saving the world ! Hehe . I 'll update when I 've figured out this godhood business . I honestly have no idea what I 'm doing . Bye !
`` Let the kids watch . They 'll have to do it one day . '' And just like that , I had witnessed my first death . My father had just blown off the head of what I believed to be my best friend with a 12-gauge . I know I 'm not supposed to be sad , Stephen was a traitor to the Lord of the Land after all , but he was the only one who ever talked to me . Due to my status of Lad of the Land , no one was allowed to talk to me unless on formal business , and no one ever had business with me . But , I was n't allowed to look away , so I watched and tried to enjoy the show . It was n't difficult , my dad always manages to put on quite a show , the execution is just the first part . After he blew off Stephen 's head , my father slid down his trousers causing his fully erect 8 inch cock to spring out . I was a little disappointed that he had n't taken off his shirt to show off his rippling six pack , but i suppose his toned legs would have to do . My father then gingerly picked up Stephen 's body , positioning his neck right at level with my dad 's cock . He started to press the tip against the gaping wound causing more blood to spurt out . My dad took advantage of this , rubbing the blood on his penis to use as lube . Slowly , my dad 's dick disappeared into Stephen 's neck . My father softly moans as Stephen pleasures my dad from beyond the dead . My dad slowly picks up speed as Stephen 's body begins to ragdoll from the amount of power that dad puts into each thrust , for he is passionate about his duties . My dad becomes a blur as he approaches the sound barrier . There 's a boom as everyone watching is thrown back , yet my dad is still going to poundtown on Stephen 's neck hole . I 'm lying on my back marveling at this strange sight , i had no idea that my dad was so skilled . A pained expression comes over my dad as he exclaims `` I 'M ABOUT TO COME , PREPARE YOURSELVES ! '' I take cover behind the others watching this spectacle , peering out from over their shoulders . My father gives three more thrusts before letting out a primal cry and ejaculating like a water hose . This proves too much for poor dead Stephen as he explodes from the amount of liquid entering his lungs and stomach . Bits of Stephen and semen fly through the air heavily coating the crowd . Ladies moan and try to catch the semen rain in their mouth . Men weep as they 're pelted with liquid shame . My dad , quickly grabs his electric guitar before the sex storm ends and everyone joins into a totally badass rendition of fa who dores from that Grinch movie . My dad , seeing my pride , hands me his guitar and I rip a totally sick ass solo . Everyone cheers as the storm ends . I was no longer sad , for I was to be the Sexecutioner , and for that , I was grateful .
I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ? Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo n't sleep . The support worker wakes me around 5am telling me it 's time so I gather the others to say their last goodbyes and as we enter I see her turn her head towards us and she 's there . I mean , all of her . I see my mom in her eyes again . `` Mom ? '' `` Help me sit up '' she says and turns herself over . We rush to her side and dangle her legs over the edge of the bed . My sisters and I acting as bumper pads on all sides of her . My mother looks around at all of us with every possible human emotion registering on her face at once . And with a shaky voice she says the first clear headed thing she has said in 3 years and the last she 'll utter for the rest of her life . `` All my girls ! Oh thank you god . Thank you ! ! '' And I know that she has heard us , that she was at peace , that we were all to her what she was to all of us and that will never be lost to me . Goodbye mum . See you soon .
`` Assholes ? '' `` Yes sir . They seem like pricks . '' `` Lieutenant , I have half a mind right now to throw you out the airlock for using such language on *my* bridge . '' `` I understand sir . If you just read what they -- - '' `` Mother Earth 's fleets deserve better than such vulgarity from an officer ! '' `` Sir , the message they sent is -- - '' `` How *dare* you speak in such a way after making contact with an alien species ? ! '' `` I could care less sir . '' `` *What ? ! * '' `` Sir , I joined Mother Earth 's fleets as a comm 's specialist to be among the first to make a first contact . It 's been my dream . You 've seen my files and my records . I 've dedicated my *life* to the fleets by the off chance that I could be the one to receive a message from an advanced alien species . Now there 's hardly any point . '' `` What makes you think you , a *lieutenant* , can make such an assessment on the fleet 's directives ? '' `` Because two hours ago , I received a message from an Interplanetary Diplomat for the Andromeda Galaxy , and for two hours , I debated deleting it . '' `` I 'll see you hanged for this Lieutenant ! ! '' `` Like I said sir , it 's unfortunate . You should read what they called us . They 're assholes . '' `` Before I brig you for this , obscene display of insubordination , how in the stars did you determine they are ... assholes ? '' `` I 've been trying to tell you sir . Just read the message . '' `` Very well . Throw it on the main console screen . '' `` Uh , sir , are you sure you want the whole bridge to read this ? '' `` It ca n't be more obscene than your vulgarity Lieutenant . '' `` You would be surprised sir . [ Here it is ] ( https : //www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/31bvbr/wp_for_years_an_alien_race_has_been_intercepting/cq05jjg ) . '' -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - `` Oh sweet Mother . '' `` Are you alright sir ? '' `` I ... give me a moment Lieutenant . '' `` As you wish sir . Shall I escort myself to the brig ? '' `` No , just ... you 're dismissed . '' `` Aye aye sir . I just have one question . '' `` Make it quick . '' `` Will do . What in the name of Mars is Mountain Dew ? ''
“ Step away from her , Dr . Wasteland ! ” “ Never ! Earth will be brought to its knees ! ” Super Earth rose two feet from the ground , his cape heroically flapping behind him as he spoke . “ Earth is round , Wasteland . It has no knees. ” The people in the convenience store clapped and cheered . Earth was saving the day again ! “ Nevertheless ” , cried Wasteland , tightening the grasp on the old lady 's neck . “ I shall crush it and see it fall ! ” “ Earth can not fall , Wasteland ! '' Super Earth 's voice echoed again . “ For there is no gravity to pull it nor a place for which it could fall into. ” “ Oh , go fuck yourself , Earth ; my point is , I 'm destroying the planet ! ” With these words , Dr . Wasteland pushed the old lady aside and pulled his laser gun , firing mercilessly against the hero and the desperate bystanders . “ You will be brought to justice ! ” Cried the Super Earth , arms stretched parallel to each other as he cruised the convenience store , flying straight into the villain 's ... Earth stopped in midair . “ What the fuck is this ? ” asked the caped hero , his body floating horizontal in front of a shelf . “ Wh-what ? ” the cashier mumbled from behind the counter . “ This fucking shit here. ” Earth picked up a green and yellow can , showing it around . “ WHAT IS THIS ? ” “ That 's -- That 's Mountain Dew , sir. ” “ I know that '' , Earth cried , rolling his eyes . “ I 've been defending Earth on intergalactic trials and battles for ages , and Mountain Dew has always been the hardest thing to counter argument , whenever folks talk about destroying mankind . What I mean is ” , Earth returned to vertical position , landing his feet on the ground . “ What the fuck is this flavor ? ” People slowly started rising from behind the shelves and refrigerators , and even Wasteland lowered his gun . “ That 's Dorito Flavored Mountain Dew , Earth. ” Said the cashier , in a low voice . “ Are you ... ” Super Earth sighed , closing his eyes and trying to remain calm . “ ... out of ... . ” He took another breath ; opened his eyes again : there was nothing but rage in them . “ ... your FUCKING MIND ? ” “ Sir , no , I – AAAAAAAAAAH ” . From Earth 's wrists , laser beams flew straight into the counter , blowing up Tridents , cigarette packs and Lotto Tickets all over the store . “ DORITO FLAVORED MOUNTAIN DEW ? THIS IS THE SHIT YOU COME UP WITH , WHEN I 'M OUT THERE TRYING TO DEFEND YOU ? ” “ Sir , it 's just a special edition , we -- ” “ FUCK YOU , FATBOY ” , cried Super Earth , striking a fat kid 's face so hard his lower jaw went flying across the store . `` That 's not even the boy who talked back to you ! '' Cried a voice from behind the ATM . `` I DO N'T GIVE A SHIT ! '' Screamed back Earth , pushing aside the blood soaked , crying , jawless fat kid . `` Come on , Wasteland , let 's mess this place up . '' And so it was that Super Earth teamed up with Wasteland , initially to fuck up a Seven Eleven , but , soon enough , expanding the job to the rest of the planet . With one last glimpse over the shattered , post-apocalyptic New York scenery beneath him , Super Earth drank the last of the Mountain Dew , let out a big burp and sighed : “ Disgusting . Fucking Earthlings. ” And flew away to better , Dorito-Flavored-Mountain-Dew-less lands . <newline>
The speaker of the house looked at the box . It was a mysterious blue . A shade of blue he had never seen before . Amazed by this new color he walked over to the box . He stared at if for awhile . And then as if he had n't thought about the implications , he haphazardly pushed a button on the box . A life form escaped the box and said , `` HI ! I 'M MR MEESEEKS ! LOOK AT ME ! '' Confused the speaker asked , `` Who are you ? '' `` I 'm Mr. Meeseeks , I help you with whatever you need ! '' The speaker became excited . he said , `` can you help us decide if we should imprison all Muslims , like the Nazis did , the Jews ? '' `` SURE ! ! ! I can do that , I 'm Mr . Meeseeks . '' [ Censored by Adult Swim and U.S Government ] The speaker thanked Mr. Meeseeks with all his help . The speaker asked , `` What will you do now ? '' Mr. Meeseeks responds , `` Your failures are your own , old man ! I say , FOLLOW THROOOOUGH ! '' and poof , he disappeared . `` What the fuck does that mean ? '' said the speaker of the house .
Drinking would n't help him , but he sat down at the bar in the ballroom all the same . It was busily being prepared by the worker bees who 'd been hired to make sure the most joyous and wonderful union about to take place would do so with the utmost perfection . His head was pounding . It was pounding harder now than it had when he 'd woken up six hours ago , two hours late for Groomsman photo 's his best friend had sworn would not take place without him . `` Fucking Gatorade '' he muttered to himself . `` Only got the regular kind , Jack '' said an approaching bar tender . David hated bartender talk . He did n't look at him but just said `` Whiskey , double , clean '' . The bartender nodded and went to fix his drink . It was ready quite before David had expected it to be . Where it was usually a fork in the road between a path of drinking and not drinking , David only saw one path with many drinks along the way . He 'd either numb the pain or it would come slurring out of him at some point . It was up in the air . `` That 'll be 18 buck-aroos , buckaroo '' the bartender said . David looked at him but said nothing . It was supposed to be an open bar . A gift from the grave of the brides father and the bank account that held the trust fund he 'd left her . The thought revealed a memory from the night before ... and it stung . 'What kind of idiot sends a 200 dollar wreath to a headstone ' he thought himself pathetically . 'The same kind who spends the night watching the Kiera Knightley-Rick from the Walking Dead scenes from Love , Actually on a drunken loop all night long ' , he answered his thought . He sat there sadly and quietly for a moment . He needed a change of subject but the weed he 'd smoked before arriving for the photo 's in an effort to cover up his hangover was currently back firing on him . Instead of dulling the pain of his headache and the relaxing him , he 'd ended up with a smokers head ache swimming in an ocean of tortured thoughts . 'What a poetic mother fucker ' , he thought . 'Shakespeare would shit himself ' . The bartender was approaching at just the moment the whiskey he 'd shot down was affecting him just . No doubt he noticed an empty glass and walked over to refill it . `` I thought the bar was open ... .asshole '' he said . Anger swirling inside him . The bartender did n't seem phased by the drunken shit talking . The consummate professional . `` Open for the reception . Do you see a reception going on in here ... asshole '' the bar tender said with a slight edge in his voice . 'He better watch his ass or I 'll use that edge to slit his throat ' David thought maliciously . `` Look , man '' David pleaded `` I had an unfortunate wreathing accident last night ... I 'm a little short on funds ... so you know ... '' but before David could finish the bar tender walked away . `` Fine '' David shouted at him . He reached for his wallet , grabbed his card and held it out for the bar tender who turned around and took it without another word . `` Keep it open '' he muttered . The words were like magic and for the next hour , David 's glass would refill upon emptying . The night slowly started bleeding into itself and David remembered more than once shouting `` This is like some Harry Potter shit or something , man '' to which the bar tender would nod and pour him another . Soon the pounding headache was gone and David felt very little . Idea 's started swarming in his head like killer bee 's . He 'd struck gold . Found the honey . Whatever the fuck it was he knew what he had to do . Time was a of the essence . If David could read the clock he 'd know that he had only 10 minutes to report to his friends dressing room . Instead he yelled furiously for the bartender to bring him a sharpie and some napkins . He was n't quite sure what he 'd been expecting when he barked the order , but the bartender never came with a sharpie or with any napkins . Improvising wildly , David walked up to the first waitress he saw wearing lipstick . `` Your lipstick , I need it '' he shouted in her face . A drizzle of saliva and a wave of alcohol coming off of his breath . Miraculously the waitress did as she was asked . David had never felt more like a Terminator . He walked over to the bar . It was a lot further away then he 'd remembered it being and for some reason there were two of them now and the bar tender 's twin brother had showed up to help serve drinks . The night was on his side , he thought as he furiously searched for and began to write on a napkin . He was done quickly and as he reviewed his note he realized he would need music , but time was off the essence . He stood up and began running to the direction of the bride 's dressing room . Pulling out his phone and searching for that Say Anything song that he knew would seal the deal . He was moving faster than he 'd ever moved before . A path was clearing for him . People were cheering 'Stop Stop Stop ' and he would n't . He never could . He found his way in front of the Bride 's dressing room floor , by now another song had come onto the play list . He did n't care , it was time . He knocked on the door . People in the hallway were looking at him like he was pounding on it . Clearly subtlety was invisible to the sober mind . She answered it . Dressed all in white , hair done to perfection , she looked like an angel . `` David '' she asked with a laugh , confused but not angry . `` What 's going on ? '' . Now was his moment . It was his time . He was like Rick in the Walking Dead in Love , Actually and she was the girl he talked to that was n't in the Walking Dead but was in Pirates of the Caribbean and Love , Actually . He 'd forgotten her name and suddenly his plan was going to shit ... what was it ... what was it ? `` NATALIE PORTMAN '' he shouted in her face , alcohol and spit hitting her like it had the waitress who 'd supplied him with the lipstick . `` That 's who you are and I 'm Rick . Ok , we 're them and we could- '' he stopped talking . A familiar feeling was creeping itself up . Slowly from the pit of his stomach , up his throat and entering his mouth . It was pure evil and Rick- David- whatever the fuck his name is could n't stop it . Before she could get out the words 'your drunk ' , David vomited all over the blushing bride to be .
It has been at least a century since the siege of Palaquin . A century ago , hell had been unleashed on our world . Never had humans ever seen an invasion on this scale before , not even from the barbarians in the North , or the wild creatures in the South . On one particular day , something simply happened , whether out of misfortune or malicious action , they would never truly know . At first , the ground started shaking . They thought it was an earthquake , and there were mixed reactions . Some got out of their homes , and some went back to fetch the children , and elder family members . But only when they watched , did they realise that it was no earthquake . A strange hole-like entrance had materialised a great distance away from the old city of Panchea , and the archers could just barely see it over the top of the hills , a strange , ink-blank void that should not have existed . According to our great-logic thinkers , this simply could not happen . These great-logic thinkers were intelligent people who taught us knowledge , that the sky would always be up , and that the Sun would always rise in the East . They even brought sense to magic , an art not meant to be logical . They were greatly respected in our community . But even they were at a loss for words . Especially when the logic-defying Moments after the void-portal appeared , it expanded , growing bigger , and bigger . And strange creatures emerged . To call them creatures would be tame . These were horrors , never meant to be seen by human eyes . The first few were simply hideous . But as the portal expanded , creature more and more hideous appeared . Then , larger creatures came through . Snarling faces , twisted bodies , and countless snapping jaws , all ready to rip us to shreds . When it was apparent that this was an invasion , the city guards sounded the alarm . Signals were lit , and nervous words exchanged . The demonic horde increased by size every few moments , and were marching steadily towards Panchea . Eventually , the beasts that emerged were so massive that they dwarfed nearby mountains . Massive dragons and flaming giants joined the horde . The demonic army radiated darkness and evil , even while in contrast to the afternoon sky . The archers fired arrows at the abominations . Some died instantly , but most did not . They continued to advance , some even after looking like porcupines from the arrows stuck in their hides . Experimental weaponry was used . It was the first time some had ever personally seen their nation ’ s prized war-cannons being used . They were hulking beasts , in comparison to the common city cannon which could already easily rip a crowd in half . These war-cannons were able to put literal dents in the sides of mountains . And when they were fired towards the colossal beasts , a deafening sound was made . All shots hit their mark , but had put no more than scratches in the armoured flanks of the beasts . Some were used against the common abominations in the horde , with much more success . However , it was still not enough to stop the advance . The King ordered a retreat . All commoners and noblemen were to pack essentials and leave immediately . Some were allowed to stay behind to assist in defending the city . The soldiers were to defend the city at all costs , to buy time for our escape . They were brave soldiers , highly praised as the mightiest warriors in our country . Although we trusted in their abilities to defend , we had seen what the beasts were capable of . Two millions and thirty thousand human lives lost were lost within one day of fighting . The battle was a slaughter , and the victims were our soldiers . Although mighty , they stood no chance against the invaders from the other world . The scout that arrived to tell the King of the news arrived nearly dead , with near half his body missing . And the bloodbath continued . The portal remained open for a month ’ s time . Days after the Battle of Panchea was over , there were enough demons to conquer the world . And that was exactly what they did . When the people of Panchea went North . We passed barbarian villages , still burning , with fresh corpses lying around , and even “ things ” that were mangled so badly that they didn ’ t resemble anything human . They looted supplies , and moved on . Things got so bad , the gods themselves intervened . The humans encountered an army of the demons in a mountain pass , who quickly decided to attack . But then , the valley started shaking . They thought that another gateway was being opened , but that wasn ’ t the case . The mountains suddenly erupted from the ground , and out formed four humanoid giants . These beings were colossal , titanic and were as large as the gigantic beasts we had seen weeks ago . They looked to have skin made from a metal-rock hybrid material , and were incredibly dense . Strangely , they all wore what seemed to be traditional battle helmets , from empires lost generations ago . They all radiated warmth in the cold winter ’ s air , and the surrounding white snow started melting . Steam emerged off their skin , but did not feel hot to the touch . They wasted no time in fighting the demonic soldiers , with one of the titans scooping us up . We were too weak to protest , with lack of sufficient food and energy , and just watched as the battle was fought between the titans and the monsters . In moments , the titans had destroyed the horde , cutting swathes in their ranks as easily as a farmer would cut wheat . They reciprocated the death the demons had caused to Panchea . When we thought they were leaving , they decided to lifted the island . The feeling of immense power and hope , to imagine the strength that must have been needed to lift a whole island off the earth . These were our protectors , sent from the gods themselves . The four titans lifted the island together , one on each side . Later on , we realised that the titans lifted the island so that future demons could not reach the heights of the sky-high island . But our victory was short lived . The death of the demon army seemed to have sent out an invisible signal to monsters everywhere . For twelve days and nights , the titans received increasing attacks from monsters their own size . Every night , there would be a titan going toe to toe with the monsters , and the other three protecting the people safe by lifting keeping the island aloft . Occasionally , small demons would be stomped on , and people would cheer . It was strange that the island seemed to be literally blessed with an abundance of food sources and great conditions for growing crops . There were plenty of animals on the island , and so the people ate feasts in the day , and watched the titans battle the monsters at night . Although the four titans looked relatively the same , they were given the names of Khom , Maan , Yama and Solo . When the monsters came no more , the titans once again became rock . They had done their duty , and they deserved their reward of slumber .
*Part I : * Savannah High School crawls with all of life 's struggles . There is war amongst the Gazelles as they battle for their place amongst the starting line up . The Hyenas are behind the auditorium passing around an insect carcass ( Clockwise , always clockwise . ) in a game to satiate their hunger and distract themselves from the constant threat of stronger , better looking , and questionably cooler predators that lurk usually only to harass . But one struggle reigns supreme in this divided landscape . One of more intrigue and suspense than any chase will give . *It 's mating season . * Tailfeathers are coifing . A secret potion of aphrodisiac wafts about sending signals meant for only one . Lonely dances are performed in the open for all to see in an eternally vain attempt to attract a mate . Sadly for some , love will never come . They will die at 18 having never fulfilled the demands of their maddening instinct . But for others , success is one neck wrestle away . Meet our friend the Giraffe . In order for him to even enter the pool of consideration , he must assert his dominance . Here he approaches the females , but he 's not alone , every step toward the herd brings unwanted attention from the other males . He continues , he must . As he gets ever closer his opponent gallups into his path with a halting violence . A small curtsey is given before first contact is established . With an Incredible-Flailing-Arm-Man agility our hero rings the first blow . Like two long flexible corn dogs they smash and half flop around eachother . A silent scream is let out by the challenger . He mentions something about `` his cousins '' and `` next Monday '' and returns to safety in numbers . Our candidates trial is merely half over . *Part II : * He must completely changed his manner . He has established his dominance over the males but this was not the goal no matter what coach says . His mission was prophesized by pheromones in the air which set off a cascade of near manic decision making processes that led him to his mate . He spotted her years ago , he knew he liked her . They even neck wrestled themselves when they were babies . But this was different , he has just nearly murdered another giraffe for her attention . She knows that . She must know . The whole herd knows as they stare at his next move . The female giraffe has the final say on copualtion . Although impressed with our protagonists valor and decisive combat skills . Her body will only give in to tenderness . She wants a sensitive giraffe . He knows this game well , or thinks he knows . He must approach submissively . Erratic movements will only label him a spaz . He 's still vibrating from battle but he must try . As if with front hooves in pants pocket , he sidles into the female group with confident calm . They all watch as he bends down and puts his mouth into their urine puddles , delicately​ sampling each one , he hoofs left until he finally tastes the estrus , his estrus . He lifts his long neck and with her liquid gold still rivering down his neck for what must be minutes until it reaches his little front chest , he meets eyes with his destiny . She see 's him . Finally someone see 's him . He leans in and she does n't protest . She turns her neck away from him , he rests his wet mouth on it and leaves it there . A champion . *It really sucks that I finally decided to do a WP on the same day everyone else did : (
Every day now it is the same . I wake up and have to remember that beside the normal everyday routine , I have to stop the right side of my body from doing evil . I go to the bus stop and see someone waiting there I politely say `` Hello '' and think 'I can push them in front of a car and no one will know . ' See , it is half of my brain as well . A constant flood of thought that are wrong on so many levels . I get to work , prepare for my normal routine , and stopping myself from embezzling and blaming it on a coworker . I talk to coworkers all the while thinking 'I could corrupt this one ' or 'I could kill this one and no one would know ' I know I am possessed and half of my body is entirely under the control of demonic forces , but the exorcists , therapists , and all the other experts that I have tried all say the same thing , there is n't any demon , it is just me . But I know he is lurking inside of me . If not , if it is all just me , why should I stop myself next time ?
The most revered people in the land . Not the rulers . Not the young . Not the religious . No , the dying . Sometime in the distant past , the government had mandated that all who were on the verge of dying be corralled into special facilities . Golden Gardens , they were called . For the sake of easing them into the next life , or so they said . The establishment of this practice had created an aura around the dying . A mystique . Year after year , the culture progressed to the point where people weren ’ t afraid of death . No , the realization that life was ending ushered in a quiet to most . People were ready to move on . They were ready to die . The Golden Gardens were oft visited and advertised . They were beautiful . Who wouldn ’ t want to spend their last days in the best representation of heaven human minds could create ? Transferring the dying to the Gardens was an event . Not some somber affair where people wept and held on . It was a celebration . A celebration . It was a farce . A spectacle all done to make sure that people kept sending their dying to the Gardens , so they could all spent their final moments in a controlled environment . If they only knew . It took a while for the first person to realize what the dying represented . The future . People had noticed that some of the dying would utter things that were completely out of place right before their final breath , but most chalked that up to senility or the inability to cope with passing . But one man heard someone ’ s final words and realized what it meant . A prophecy . He was the first of the Readers . He was the one that setup the foundation that was to become the Golden Gardens . He became the voice of the governing bodies . All because he was able to read the prophecy that he heard . Each time he heard a prophecy , he grew stronger . His sphere of influence soon became inescapable . He was able to locate others who could read through some of the prophecies . He kept them on as retainers , but he was the sole reader for as long as he lived , not trusting what others might do with the information . He had amassed such wealth , such wisdom , such power…he was loathe to share that . When he felt that he was about to die , he gathered the readers . At this point , they represented the top governing officials of the land . He told them everything . He shared with them where he stored all the prophecies . He told them of how things were to proceed in order to maintain the current landscape . And then he died . Silently . The transition went about as smoothly as it could . Years and years , decades and decades , until a century passed . The order of things hadn ’ t changed , only magnified . No one knew of the prophecies save for the readers . One day , though , there was a prophecy that none could read . They debated . Gibberish ? Perhaps this dying person really was just mad after all ? *Here comes one* *Your brother* *Only more* *Not to hear but to speak* They all discussed it , but none of them could figure it out . No one but the one for which the prophecy was intended . He kept quiet about that prophecy . He knew what it meant . To prove it , on his next round , he went to his dying charge and whispered something . The dying soul looked at him after those words , eyes full of fear , uttering a prophecy as he died . Uttering the same exact words just whispered in his ear . The Speaker had arrived . <newline>
He lived in a small hut . He did n't own a pair of shoes nor fancy clothes . He did not own material objects ; not one shiny trinket . He had n't wealth nor family , but the lonely old fisherman always had a smile on his face . He smiled whether the sun shone down or the rain poured hard . He smiled whether he had a large catch or did not catch anything at all . He was , by definition , the poorest in his village but would give away his daily catch to those in need . There was a woman he had once loved that was wooed away by sparkling baubles and a silver tongued devil . The fisherman continued to smile . His only friends , a pair of birds , stayed with him night and day . He sang to them and fed them first at meals but they could not fill the void . He caught a cold one chilly day that he could n't pay to cure . A neighbour found him , three days cold , with a smile still on his face . He may have died all alone and a pauper in his hut near the river where he fished , but the entire village came together to honour the lonely fisherman . Now every year they hold a feast in his memory for never such a generous man have they seen since . In the end , the fisherman who had nothing and no one , had touched more lives than the richest of them all .
It 's been 100 years since the virus was launched into the air . For the first 5 years everything went great . The self replicating viruses soaked through our lungs , nasal cavities , and throat . The results were staggering . Muscles bulged naturally , height climbed , total immunity to diseases , and serious wounds inflicted healed overnight . Global paradise arrived on Earth in a matter of months . The self replication was the downfall . Mutations in code , in only a few at first , and terribly small . The first tell was the eye color . As new breeds of the virus fought to override the old , and each other . People would go to sleep blue eyed , and wake green . At the end of seven years , we began to see the true ramifications . People would grow extra arms and legs , only to have them fall off within hours , then regrow . The process was excruciating . Travel became dangerous , breathing in the air as you stepped off the plane could spell horrific changes in your body . At the turn of the decade , humanity surrendered the fight . We went into sterilized bunkers , wearing suits with active filtration units at all times . So they say ... Stepping outside is fatal they claim ! Mutations will cause your body to horrifically tear itself apart in seconds , they say ! I am here to tell you , my brothers and sisters ! These are lies ! There is a world out there ! It is plentiful , and beautiful ! Those who spread these stories do so to control us ! They want the surface , the beauty and luxury for themselves ! The only thing binding us here is an invisible chain called fear ! But no longer ! Today , we venture forth to bounties unimaginable ! To claim the birthrights stolen from us ! Join me brothers and Sisters , we are not bound by fear , only by destiny ! The old man stood in front of the door with his youngest grandson . He did not plead , beg , or cry . He looked deeply into the eyes of his son , and spoke softly : `` I can not stop you . I have felt the things you felt , so I know that no words will reach you now . Your boy will stay with me though , as I know he can still be saved . '' The son stared down at his decrepit old man `` It is fine if he stays here a bit longer . We will need to properly colonize the surface first , and he is too young to work . Especially if we need to fight the surface dwellers . Make no mistake though , I will return for him . Perhaps I will even come back for you dad . '' The old man gave one last sigh , and stepped aside . His son , draped as his followers , in a gown of sky blue led his worshipers into the air lock . As the 23 young men and women were sealed in , not a one looked back . The airlock released and they stepped out into a beautiful green landscape . The man turned to his followers , and gripped his mask tightly . `` Let us , as one , taste our birthright . '' All 23 ripped their masks off as one , and inhaled deeply . Each thought to themselves how lovely the smell was . The taste of the earthy aromas filled their palette . A few winced as they waited . As a few seconds went by , they broke out in deep smiles . They began cheering and hugging , celebrating the beginning of their new lives ! The man looked to the girl closest to him , his wife of 10 years . Mother to his 2 children . He looked deeply into her ... blue ? eyes . His face contorted , his wife 's eyes were green , he was sure ... he began to reach for his mask , but it was done . The old man covered his grandson 's eyes , as small droplets formed in his own . He watched on as the bodies of the men and women began to shift . Bones began sharply jutting out , muscles expanded until they ripped the skin covering them apart , blood vessels contorted and ruptured , spraying their contents everywhere . In a few seconds , the bodies of the 23 were nearly unrecognizable , and the green landscape was a dark shade of red . The old man shook his head . Some warnings truly and simply , are nothing more . No amount of faith or willpower can change that .
Dear Dirary , Apparently I 'm a god now . But before being a god , I was just an adventurer . I guess that 's what I 'd call it ? I 'd go on adventures . Me , some friends , solving problems and slaying monsters . It was pretty fun , not extremely rewarding but job prospects are n't exactly great in my village . Just various shades of merchant - Oh , and one bartender . Anyway , I went on a particular adventure not long ago and things got pretty hectic . Our group was pretty tight though , we handled things well given the circumstances . We had Tess , my childhood friend and our white magic user ; Edwin , this total dick from the village who just happens to be amazing with a spear ; Slops , a wise , respected old knight who for some reason stuck with the nickname `` Slops '' ; and Ren , a mysterious , extremely powerful Elf mage , reformed villain and all-round great guy . We also had this Lycan with us , Rex . He was cool but at some point he got turned into an *actual* wolf and sort of wandered off in the woods . To cut a long story short : We were tracking a big bad guy hellbent on world annihilation , and for some reason we were the only people trying to stop that from happening . Not sure why . Along the way , we burned down an evil , living castle ; hung out with some ghosts ; discovered an underwater cult which we also , somehow , burned down ; and a bunch of other stuff . Ren actually revealed he was working for the big bad at one point and he killed Slops . Well , the heart attack killed Slops . We were all pretty shocked because Ren is just an awesome guy . He totally came back and saved us near the end though , which was great . Shame about Slops . The world actually got destroyed in some way , like three times . But we fixed it , somehow - I do n't know the specifics . Magic stuff . Ren 's the guy to ask if you want the know-how . At some point during the final , world-saving battle I was legally dead for about 12 minutes . I had a run in with some entity that rules the cosmos , and he declared me a god . I think that sort of spurred me on to kill the evil villain in the end , to be fair . Anyway , that was yesterday . I just sort of slept on it . It does n't feel much different being a god , to be honest with you . Not sure what I 'm supposed to be doing . I 've tried answering prayers , but I was n't hearing any of them . I also ca n't shoot fireballs - I think . I tried smiting the shit out of Edwin , but I 'm not sure if it worked . He 's such a dick . I 'm gon na meet Ren in a bit ... Just to , y'know , hang out . Maybe he knows a bit about this god stuff because he knows a lot of things . Such a cool guy . I might see what Tess is up to , but she 's probably with Edwin and he 'll cramp mine and Ren 's style . What a dick . So , Diary , that was my week . Sorry I did n't write for a while - I was saving the world ! Hehe . I 'll update when I 've figured out this godhood business . I honestly have no idea what I 'm doing . Bye !
Ever since I can remember the law dictates when you die . Nobody knows exactly why . As far as anyone knows it has always been this way . And everyone accepts it . They walk around knowing full well that they will die by some idiot in the government deciding your fate . They even have the audacity to make you sign the paper stating when you are to die . I must have a screw loose or something because their is no way I am just going to walk to my death . Nick Gautier , just another dead nobody . It was a Saturday morning , the day of my death . I sat at the table in my house with my family . My parents chatted about everything they normally did as my sister and brother ate their cereal . What is wrong with them ? I 'm suppose to die today and they act like they do n't even care ! Every second I sit there listening to my mother prattle on about her coworkers affair I want to scream . I 'm 17 years old and I am way too young to die . In the last 6 months I have planned out my escape and the next 10 years of my life . I 'm not going to stay in one place too long . I will have to work on the side because I would never be able to get a job . The government is wormed into every crevice of our society . I figured moving across borders would would keep them off my trail . I looked into it but could find no punishment for escaping your DDay . This can only mean 2 things , either they do n't bother thinking Noone will ever do it , or that it 's so heinous to do that if they catch you , they will take care of you themselves . I 'm going to er on the side of caution and assume it 's the latter . As noon approaches , I grab my bags and head to my car . It 's a beater but its been reliable for a first car . I fill up the trunk with my bags and put the non perishable goods in my car . I stole a bunch of jewelry and other items of value from my parents to help me for a little while . I think theft is a far lesser crime than from what I am doing anyways . I had been driving for a few hours and pulled over to take a break . Middle of nowhere in Tennessee . But this was n't just a break . It was coming on my Death Time . At 3:22 I was suppose to be the gas station in my town where I would be shot in a robbery . I watched as the seconds counted down . The moment 3:22pm hit , so did I . The floor that is . With unimaginable pain in my head . A ringing so loud my head was spinning . I wake up to my head smacking into the side of the van I am apparently riding inside . Sitting with me is 3 large men , likely from the government . `` Hello Mr. Gautier , do you know why you are here ? '' the tall blonde man with glasses on asked me . I looked up , my head still dizzy , `` Because I decided I was n't going to let someone else decide when I die '' . The man removed his glasses `` Do n't you know , some stranger with a gun who decides your fate is no different . We just facilitate your death to keep order . '' I laugh a little under my breath `` And what order is that ? '' . `` Life and death . It must be carried out the way it was meant to , or fate is thrown off . '' The muscular black man said . `` That makes no sense whatsoever '' I retort . `` It will in a few minutes Mr. Gautier , you 've been out for over 9 hours . That pain in your head is an implant everyone has and also doubles as a tracker . If someone does n't meet their DDay , it goes off and incapacitates them until we arrive . '' The smugness of his words made me want to kick him in the face . Just then the van stops and a moment later I am dragged out and into a building . The building is massive , like a giant warehouse surrounded by armed gaurds . You would need a small army to get in . I am brought to a giant steel door that looks like it belongs on a bank vault . A few seconds later a very important looking man walked up to us . He looked oddly familiar . `` Hello Nick , because of your indiscretion you will now get to know why DDay exists . '' the man says as he slides his card into the reader on the door and enters a keycode . The door begins to open slowly . Impressive considering it probably weighs 20 tons . What I saw as we began to walk through the door I could n't explain . It was a giant hole with what appeared to look like some sort of brain inside it . It was at least 40 stories deep , with giant bursts of electricity constantly jumping back and forth . The man began speaking `` do you know what this is ? '' . I just shook my head . He continued `` this is death Nick . This is what controls death on our planet '' . I just stood there in shock as the man explained everything to me . You see , many hundreds of years ago this thing was discovered . But in trying to understand it , the government managed to completely negate death . For everyone . After much research they found out that everything lives forever . To create life it must be taken . That is why it exists . Evolution created death so that life could continue . To fix this problem they wiped all information pertaining to this epidemic and created the DDay . However they also decided to manipulate it for there own use for a select few . The rich and powerful , hundreds of years old past there predetermined death , who influence society and get to live forever . I asked the man `` why bring me here and tell me all this ? '' . He pats me on the shoulder as we stand at the edge of the hole `` So that you will understand by avoiding your demise you throw off a well constructed balance '' . I look at the man and say `` you are ... .no way , I knew I have seen your face before '' . `` That 's right Nick , I 'm former president Richard Nixon . And you are here because when someone skips DDay , the only way to fix the imbalance is to send them directly back into Death itself . '' All of a sudden I felt a shove .
What began as a way to be appreciated , Became something much more dark and shaded , A man to stop those who would agress , Became a sociopathic mess , And those who knew him all too well , Could see the soul they ’ d loved was now a hollow shell , A symbol for hope , in praise he was showered , But was twisted and devoured by his own power , Yet the ones from afar who ’ d give their praise , Refused to recognize his cruel dark ways , “ I mean , yeah , he has a tendency towards decapitation , But sometimes that ’ s just what it takes to restore a nation ”
Drinking would n't help him , but he sat down at the bar in the ballroom all the same . It was busily being prepared by the worker bees who 'd been hired to make sure the most joyous and wonderful union about to take place would do so with the utmost perfection . His head was pounding . It was pounding harder now than it had when he 'd woken up six hours ago , two hours late for Groomsman photo 's his best friend had sworn would not take place without him . `` Fucking Gatorade '' he muttered to himself . `` Only got the regular kind , Jack '' said an approaching bar tender . David hated bartender talk . He did n't look at him but just said `` Whiskey , double , clean '' . The bartender nodded and went to fix his drink . It was ready quite before David had expected it to be . Where it was usually a fork in the road between a path of drinking and not drinking , David only saw one path with many drinks along the way . He 'd either numb the pain or it would come slurring out of him at some point . It was up in the air . `` That 'll be 18 buck-aroos , buckaroo '' the bartender said . David looked at him but said nothing . It was supposed to be an open bar . A gift from the grave of the brides father and the bank account that held the trust fund he 'd left her . The thought revealed a memory from the night before ... and it stung . 'What kind of idiot sends a 200 dollar wreath to a headstone ' he thought himself pathetically . 'The same kind who spends the night watching the Kiera Knightley-Rick from the Walking Dead scenes from Love , Actually on a drunken loop all night long ' , he answered his thought . He sat there sadly and quietly for a moment . He needed a change of subject but the weed he 'd smoked before arriving for the photo 's in an effort to cover up his hangover was currently back firing on him . Instead of dulling the pain of his headache and the relaxing him , he 'd ended up with a smokers head ache swimming in an ocean of tortured thoughts . 'What a poetic mother fucker ' , he thought . 'Shakespeare would shit himself ' . The bartender was approaching at just the moment the whiskey he 'd shot down was affecting him just . No doubt he noticed an empty glass and walked over to refill it . `` I thought the bar was open ... .asshole '' he said . Anger swirling inside him . The bartender did n't seem phased by the drunken shit talking . The consummate professional . `` Open for the reception . Do you see a reception going on in here ... asshole '' the bar tender said with a slight edge in his voice . 'He better watch his ass or I 'll use that edge to slit his throat ' David thought maliciously . `` Look , man '' David pleaded `` I had an unfortunate wreathing accident last night ... I 'm a little short on funds ... so you know ... '' but before David could finish the bar tender walked away . `` Fine '' David shouted at him . He reached for his wallet , grabbed his card and held it out for the bar tender who turned around and took it without another word . `` Keep it open '' he muttered . The words were like magic and for the next hour , David 's glass would refill upon emptying . The night slowly started bleeding into itself and David remembered more than once shouting `` This is like some Harry Potter shit or something , man '' to which the bar tender would nod and pour him another . Soon the pounding headache was gone and David felt very little . Idea 's started swarming in his head like killer bee 's . He 'd struck gold . Found the honey . Whatever the fuck it was he knew what he had to do . Time was a of the essence . If David could read the clock he 'd know that he had only 10 minutes to report to his friends dressing room . Instead he yelled furiously for the bartender to bring him a sharpie and some napkins . He was n't quite sure what he 'd been expecting when he barked the order , but the bartender never came with a sharpie or with any napkins . Improvising wildly , David walked up to the first waitress he saw wearing lipstick . `` Your lipstick , I need it '' he shouted in her face . A drizzle of saliva and a wave of alcohol coming off of his breath . Miraculously the waitress did as she was asked . David had never felt more like a Terminator . He walked over to the bar . It was a lot further away then he 'd remembered it being and for some reason there were two of them now and the bar tender 's twin brother had showed up to help serve drinks . The night was on his side , he thought as he furiously searched for and began to write on a napkin . He was done quickly and as he reviewed his note he realized he would need music , but time was off the essence . He stood up and began running to the direction of the bride 's dressing room . Pulling out his phone and searching for that Say Anything song that he knew would seal the deal . He was moving faster than he 'd ever moved before . A path was clearing for him . People were cheering 'Stop Stop Stop ' and he would n't . He never could . He found his way in front of the Bride 's dressing room floor , by now another song had come onto the play list . He did n't care , it was time . He knocked on the door . People in the hallway were looking at him like he was pounding on it . Clearly subtlety was invisible to the sober mind . She answered it . Dressed all in white , hair done to perfection , she looked like an angel . `` David '' she asked with a laugh , confused but not angry . `` What 's going on ? '' . Now was his moment . It was his time . He was like Rick in the Walking Dead in Love , Actually and she was the girl he talked to that was n't in the Walking Dead but was in Pirates of the Caribbean and Love , Actually . He 'd forgotten her name and suddenly his plan was going to shit ... what was it ... what was it ? `` NATALIE PORTMAN '' he shouted in her face , alcohol and spit hitting her like it had the waitress who 'd supplied him with the lipstick . `` That 's who you are and I 'm Rick . Ok , we 're them and we could- '' he stopped talking . A familiar feeling was creeping itself up . Slowly from the pit of his stomach , up his throat and entering his mouth . It was pure evil and Rick- David- whatever the fuck his name is could n't stop it . Before she could get out the words 'your drunk ' , David vomited all over the blushing bride to be .
It has been at least a century since the siege of Palaquin . A century ago , hell had been unleashed on our world . Never had humans ever seen an invasion on this scale before , not even from the barbarians in the North , or the wild creatures in the South . On one particular day , something simply happened , whether out of misfortune or malicious action , they would never truly know . At first , the ground started shaking . They thought it was an earthquake , and there were mixed reactions . Some got out of their homes , and some went back to fetch the children , and elder family members . But only when they watched , did they realise that it was no earthquake . A strange hole-like entrance had materialised a great distance away from the old city of Panchea , and the archers could just barely see it over the top of the hills , a strange , ink-blank void that should not have existed . According to our great-logic thinkers , this simply could not happen . These great-logic thinkers were intelligent people who taught us knowledge , that the sky would always be up , and that the Sun would always rise in the East . They even brought sense to magic , an art not meant to be logical . They were greatly respected in our community . But even they were at a loss for words . Especially when the logic-defying Moments after the void-portal appeared , it expanded , growing bigger , and bigger . And strange creatures emerged . To call them creatures would be tame . These were horrors , never meant to be seen by human eyes . The first few were simply hideous . But as the portal expanded , creature more and more hideous appeared . Then , larger creatures came through . Snarling faces , twisted bodies , and countless snapping jaws , all ready to rip us to shreds . When it was apparent that this was an invasion , the city guards sounded the alarm . Signals were lit , and nervous words exchanged . The demonic horde increased by size every few moments , and were marching steadily towards Panchea . Eventually , the beasts that emerged were so massive that they dwarfed nearby mountains . Massive dragons and flaming giants joined the horde . The demonic army radiated darkness and evil , even while in contrast to the afternoon sky . The archers fired arrows at the abominations . Some died instantly , but most did not . They continued to advance , some even after looking like porcupines from the arrows stuck in their hides . Experimental weaponry was used . It was the first time some had ever personally seen their nation ’ s prized war-cannons being used . They were hulking beasts , in comparison to the common city cannon which could already easily rip a crowd in half . These war-cannons were able to put literal dents in the sides of mountains . And when they were fired towards the colossal beasts , a deafening sound was made . All shots hit their mark , but had put no more than scratches in the armoured flanks of the beasts . Some were used against the common abominations in the horde , with much more success . However , it was still not enough to stop the advance . The King ordered a retreat . All commoners and noblemen were to pack essentials and leave immediately . Some were allowed to stay behind to assist in defending the city . The soldiers were to defend the city at all costs , to buy time for our escape . They were brave soldiers , highly praised as the mightiest warriors in our country . Although we trusted in their abilities to defend , we had seen what the beasts were capable of . Two millions and thirty thousand human lives lost were lost within one day of fighting . The battle was a slaughter , and the victims were our soldiers . Although mighty , they stood no chance against the invaders from the other world . The scout that arrived to tell the King of the news arrived nearly dead , with near half his body missing . And the bloodbath continued . The portal remained open for a month ’ s time . Days after the Battle of Panchea was over , there were enough demons to conquer the world . And that was exactly what they did . When the people of Panchea went North . We passed barbarian villages , still burning , with fresh corpses lying around , and even “ things ” that were mangled so badly that they didn ’ t resemble anything human . They looted supplies , and moved on . Things got so bad , the gods themselves intervened . The humans encountered an army of the demons in a mountain pass , who quickly decided to attack . But then , the valley started shaking . They thought that another gateway was being opened , but that wasn ’ t the case . The mountains suddenly erupted from the ground , and out formed four humanoid giants . These beings were colossal , titanic and were as large as the gigantic beasts we had seen weeks ago . They looked to have skin made from a metal-rock hybrid material , and were incredibly dense . Strangely , they all wore what seemed to be traditional battle helmets , from empires lost generations ago . They all radiated warmth in the cold winter ’ s air , and the surrounding white snow started melting . Steam emerged off their skin , but did not feel hot to the touch . They wasted no time in fighting the demonic soldiers , with one of the titans scooping us up . We were too weak to protest , with lack of sufficient food and energy , and just watched as the battle was fought between the titans and the monsters . In moments , the titans had destroyed the horde , cutting swathes in their ranks as easily as a farmer would cut wheat . They reciprocated the death the demons had caused to Panchea . When we thought they were leaving , they decided to lifted the island . The feeling of immense power and hope , to imagine the strength that must have been needed to lift a whole island off the earth . These were our protectors , sent from the gods themselves . The four titans lifted the island together , one on each side . Later on , we realised that the titans lifted the island so that future demons could not reach the heights of the sky-high island . But our victory was short lived . The death of the demon army seemed to have sent out an invisible signal to monsters everywhere . For twelve days and nights , the titans received increasing attacks from monsters their own size . Every night , there would be a titan going toe to toe with the monsters , and the other three protecting the people safe by lifting keeping the island aloft . Occasionally , small demons would be stomped on , and people would cheer . It was strange that the island seemed to be literally blessed with an abundance of food sources and great conditions for growing crops . There were plenty of animals on the island , and so the people ate feasts in the day , and watched the titans battle the monsters at night . Although the four titans looked relatively the same , they were given the names of Khom , Maan , Yama and Solo . When the monsters came no more , the titans once again became rock . They had done their duty , and they deserved their reward of slumber .
In front of him , a man laid down , panting , drenched in sweat , like he ran the run of his life . He did . On his desk , two or three phones were ringing . He did n't care . He knew what was happening . The United States of America were on the verge of destruction . He had n't see it coming . Not on this scale . The threats from the Talibans had been addressed too lightly . And now , he had to deal with the consequence . Facing the most difficult choice in his life , the President decided to cross the line . Morality had no word to say in this case . He took the mobile phone in the interior pocket of his jacket , and made a brief call , before putting it back in the pocket . The Operation was launched . The man who was lying down seconds ago was now standing on his two feet , but still in a state of exhaustation . The President did not care about that , and started walking outside of the Office , urging him to follow his steps . The man executed his order . They passed a group of clueless guards . The guards tried to accompany the President and his man , but he made clear he did n't need protection . Soon enough , the President and the man were standing in front of a wardrobe , on the end of a rarely frequented corridor of the White House . Instead of opening the doors of the piece of furniture , he put his hand over the top of it , and struggled for a second or two before he heard a little click , and then a much louder click . Only after the latter he opened the wardrobe , which revealed a passage for a hidden room . The President entered the newly opened room , and the man followed , not asking any question . On a wall , hundreds of monitors were showing different places in America . In the streets , into the buildings of Wall Street , every important place of the United States were displayed on the screens . On the center of the room , a long armchair , which looked like a dentist 's chair , was waiting for someone to connect the helmet device lying on a table right next to it . A scientist ( the man presumed , by his white blouse ) welcomed the President . He warned him about `` precautions '' , `` responsability '' and `` not ready to be used '' , but the President did n't listen . He did n't have time . In minutes , America would fall into chaos . The scientist flayed his arms , trying to stop the President . The most important man in the world pulled off a gun from his jacket , and fired at the scientist . A huge red hole appeared on his head . The man was petrified . The President just killed someone in cold blood right in front of him . And now he was staring at him . He was daring him to stop him . The man did n't move . The President stopped watching at the man , and sit on the armchair . He put the helmet device on his head . On it , there was a switch . He flicked it on `` ON '' . Huge electric arcs burst out of the helmet , electrocuting the President . Or so it seemed . Somehow , he did n't look like he was suffering . He looked in control . His hands were gripping tightly on the arms of the chair . On the screen , the pictures changed . They were now showing the insides of planes . Men in black and armed with guns , threatening the life of the passengers , but also those of millions of Americans . The man did not understand . But he did not ask questions . Because it was how he was taught . Suddenly , the electric arcs intensified . The man looked at the screens , and little by little , the men in black seemed to disappear . Like erased from reality . The President was clenching his teeth . Now he looked in pain . But he kept going . The man understood he was the reason the terrorists were being removed from history . The device , he did not know what it was . All he knew is that it was saving America from impending deaths . Eventually , the President lost his self-control . He screamed in pain . But he kept going . The man could not believe his eyes . The man who had it all , money , glory and power , was sacrificing himself and his incredible life , and he could only watch him , helpless , thinking about how he could never do that . The room was shaking . It was going to explode . The President knew that . The man knew it too . He shouted him his last words , before ordering him to go . The man nodded , and ran towards the exit , without turning back . He ran . He heard an explosion . The blast propulsed him into the wall , and he lost consciousness . When he woke up , he was surrounded by a dozen of guards , holding him in the line of fire . He stood up slowly , and spoke . `` The President died for us . People must never know . Take me to the surgeon . I have to replace him . This was his last will . Do it now . '' The guards would have never agree in normal conditions . But under all this confusion , they followed the only one who gave orders . -- - `` Finally , even after two terms , I was never able to be like him '' , said George W. Bush to his confident , a man who gained his trust and to whom he revealed the truth . `` He was selfless , daring , and ... just great , all around . '' The confident nodded . For receiving all the praise the new Bush repeatedly gave to the original during those last ten years , the original must have truly been a great man . `` I was never rich . When I replaced him , I had everything he had . The money . I lost track of what was important in this world . I failed him . '' The sadness in his voice really hurt the confident . George W. Bush was a great friend of him . Even if some of his decisions were really debatable , he was a good person . He tried his best to succeed to his mentor when he was not qualified enough . But with courage , he did it . He worked hard . The people around him were toxic , though . They manipulated him like a puppet , and the confident could only watch it from the shadow he belonged to . `` Do you think he hates me , from where he is ? '' The confident saw George 's teary eyes and his begging for an answer . So he answered truthfully and honestly . `` He 's probably disappointed with some of the choices you made . '' This answer was devastating for W. But the confident did n't stop there , and continued . `` But he knows you 've done your best . I do n't think I know anyone who would be capable of going through what you 've been . You have overcome his expectations by a far margin . I 've already told you , George . You 're a hero , in your own way . '' George W. Bush laughed . The words of his confident had had the healing power he needed . Maybe he exaggerated the toughness of the situation , but still , he felt much better after having heard those moving thoughts of his best friend . The confident glanced over his watch . `` It 's 9 . I have to go . '' `` Until next time , friend '' , said George . The confident left the ranch of the ex-President . He sighed . `` Surviving the explosion was the best thing that happened to me . Maybe not for America , but thanks to you , I was able to free myself from this inevitable march for power I hated so much . Thank you , new George . '' The original opened the driver door of a Cadillac DTS , attached his seat belt , and drove off to his home .
My dear , I know what you 've been doing . The late night web searching in 'incognito mode ' , has n't been that clever . I 'm not even that heavy of a sleeper , you know . Three months of your salary abruptly gone from our bank account ? I know exactly where it 's going . You 've done well to try and keep it a secret , you really have . However , I 'm not just a silly little girl anymore . I 'm an adult woman and I 've figured you out . I guess my time as your girlfriend has come to end then . I guess nothing will ever be the same between us anymore . Tonight I 'll take the leap and my life as Rebecca Susan Stone will come to an end . Till death do us part , Becca
I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ? Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo n't sleep . The support worker wakes me around 5am telling me it 's time so I gather the others to say their last goodbyes and as we enter I see her turn her head towards us and she 's there . I mean , all of her . I see my mom in her eyes again . `` Mom ? '' `` Help me sit up '' she says and turns herself over . We rush to her side and dangle her legs over the edge of the bed . My sisters and I acting as bumper pads on all sides of her . My mother looks around at all of us with every possible human emotion registering on her face at once . And with a shaky voice she says the first clear headed thing she has said in 3 years and the last she 'll utter for the rest of her life . `` All my girls ! Oh thank you god . Thank you ! ! '' And I know that she has heard us , that she was at peace , that we were all to her what she was to all of us and that will never be lost to me . Goodbye mum . See you soon .
He sighed , then pulled the ski mask down over his face , adjusted the gloves , then checked to make sure all of the skin on his body was covered . *No fear this time , the first two times went great , the cops did n't know what hit them , I got away like a king . Third time 's the charm , I can finally get her that necklace she wanted so much ... * He cleared his mind as he stepped out of the car , he had parked in the back lot of the building since he knew there was a backdoor he could run through if all hell broke loose . He was confident that would not happen , it was too early in the day , the bank just opened , no one would be in there except the attendants and a few stragglers . There was no security at this place either , cameras were not a problem . His feet crunched in the snow as he stepped onto the sidewalk , once he reached the steps he blinked , his mind flashing to his beautiful wife 's face as she held their infant son . All of this was for them , every single cent he would get . He pushed open the door , hand in his coat pocket as he pulled out the semi automatic pistol which he hoped he would n't have to actually fire . Bank robbery was one thing , murder was a far more serious . Murder got you 25 to life , with the chance of execution . He could n't die , he could n't let his wife and child suffer alone in this cruel world . He blinked then wiped out the firearm , raising it to the air . `` Everybody , get the fuck down ! We do this nice and easy , no one gets hurt as long as this goes smoothly . '' He shouted , clicking off the safety to show that he was not afraid to do something crazy , when in reality he really was . It was just him putting on a disguise , another one , like the one he was wearing on himself at this very moment . Everyone had dove to the floor as planned , with a quick scan of the crowd he counted four civilians along with three bank attendants scared for their lives behind the counter which he approached , tapping the glass with the pistol . `` Easy , nice and easy . Clear it all , I want every dollar in the bag , none of that ink shit either , I know that stuff when I see it , '' He stated menacingly handing over a simple duffle bag , which the attendant quickly began filling with stacks of money . `` Do n't even think about pressing the alarms either . '' He added as she filled it , a terrified look on her pretty face . `` Tha-that 's all of it , I swear ! '' The attendant said , pushing the bag back towards him . `` Good , very good . Now come around the counter , your two friends too . '' He stated , looking over the duffle bag now full of that beautiful green as the three bank workers did as he stated . `` Down on the floor , in that corner with the others . '' He said , waving the gun before tucking it back into his jacket and taking a firm grasp of the bag . They did as he said then too . Everything was going exactly as he planned , now he just needed to go out the door and he 'd be golden . He started towards the door before stopping in his tracks as he heard someone running towards him from the direction of the civilians he had told to stay in . As he turned he took a strike to the face , briefly grimacing in pain as he pulled his pistol back out , leveling it at his assailant . `` You bitch ! '' He screeched , his vision coming back to him as he recovered from being attack . The crazy broad had hit him with her purse , it hurt too , the thing had to be made of some kind of heavy leather . He cocked the gun , pointing it right at her , ready to retaliate . He stopped himself as he realized the woman who struck him was the same one he married , the same beautiful angel who saw something in him to be his partner , the same one who carried and had his child . He stepped back , his hand shaking as he stared in disbelief into her stunning green eyes . He kept the gun trained , trying not to break character . `` I will put a cap in you , I-I swear , get the fuck dow-wn ! '' He yelled , realizing he was doing something he never thought he would have before , raised his voice in anger towards her . She had her little hands raised , then did as her husband said , getting down on the floor . As she went down he noticed a child 's face staring at him , his own . *Shit . * He sprinted out the door , the bag flailing as he ran as fast his legs could carry him , running towards the back lot where his ride was . He prayed to god she did n't recognize him , did n't recognize her husband 's own eyes , or heard through his faked voice . He never told her how he got all the money for her , he hoped on everything that he would n't have to as sirens blared in the distance . <newline>
Drinking would n't help him , but he sat down at the bar in the ballroom all the same . It was busily being prepared by the worker bees who 'd been hired to make sure the most joyous and wonderful union about to take place would do so with the utmost perfection . His head was pounding . It was pounding harder now than it had when he 'd woken up six hours ago , two hours late for Groomsman photo 's his best friend had sworn would not take place without him . `` Fucking Gatorade '' he muttered to himself . `` Only got the regular kind , Jack '' said an approaching bar tender . David hated bartender talk . He did n't look at him but just said `` Whiskey , double , clean '' . The bartender nodded and went to fix his drink . It was ready quite before David had expected it to be . Where it was usually a fork in the road between a path of drinking and not drinking , David only saw one path with many drinks along the way . He 'd either numb the pain or it would come slurring out of him at some point . It was up in the air . `` That 'll be 18 buck-aroos , buckaroo '' the bartender said . David looked at him but said nothing . It was supposed to be an open bar . A gift from the grave of the brides father and the bank account that held the trust fund he 'd left her . The thought revealed a memory from the night before ... and it stung . 'What kind of idiot sends a 200 dollar wreath to a headstone ' he thought himself pathetically . 'The same kind who spends the night watching the Kiera Knightley-Rick from the Walking Dead scenes from Love , Actually on a drunken loop all night long ' , he answered his thought . He sat there sadly and quietly for a moment . He needed a change of subject but the weed he 'd smoked before arriving for the photo 's in an effort to cover up his hangover was currently back firing on him . Instead of dulling the pain of his headache and the relaxing him , he 'd ended up with a smokers head ache swimming in an ocean of tortured thoughts . 'What a poetic mother fucker ' , he thought . 'Shakespeare would shit himself ' . The bartender was approaching at just the moment the whiskey he 'd shot down was affecting him just . No doubt he noticed an empty glass and walked over to refill it . `` I thought the bar was open ... .asshole '' he said . Anger swirling inside him . The bartender did n't seem phased by the drunken shit talking . The consummate professional . `` Open for the reception . Do you see a reception going on in here ... asshole '' the bar tender said with a slight edge in his voice . 'He better watch his ass or I 'll use that edge to slit his throat ' David thought maliciously . `` Look , man '' David pleaded `` I had an unfortunate wreathing accident last night ... I 'm a little short on funds ... so you know ... '' but before David could finish the bar tender walked away . `` Fine '' David shouted at him . He reached for his wallet , grabbed his card and held it out for the bar tender who turned around and took it without another word . `` Keep it open '' he muttered . The words were like magic and for the next hour , David 's glass would refill upon emptying . The night slowly started bleeding into itself and David remembered more than once shouting `` This is like some Harry Potter shit or something , man '' to which the bar tender would nod and pour him another . Soon the pounding headache was gone and David felt very little . Idea 's started swarming in his head like killer bee 's . He 'd struck gold . Found the honey . Whatever the fuck it was he knew what he had to do . Time was a of the essence . If David could read the clock he 'd know that he had only 10 minutes to report to his friends dressing room . Instead he yelled furiously for the bartender to bring him a sharpie and some napkins . He was n't quite sure what he 'd been expecting when he barked the order , but the bartender never came with a sharpie or with any napkins . Improvising wildly , David walked up to the first waitress he saw wearing lipstick . `` Your lipstick , I need it '' he shouted in her face . A drizzle of saliva and a wave of alcohol coming off of his breath . Miraculously the waitress did as she was asked . David had never felt more like a Terminator . He walked over to the bar . It was a lot further away then he 'd remembered it being and for some reason there were two of them now and the bar tender 's twin brother had showed up to help serve drinks . The night was on his side , he thought as he furiously searched for and began to write on a napkin . He was done quickly and as he reviewed his note he realized he would need music , but time was off the essence . He stood up and began running to the direction of the bride 's dressing room . Pulling out his phone and searching for that Say Anything song that he knew would seal the deal . He was moving faster than he 'd ever moved before . A path was clearing for him . People were cheering 'Stop Stop Stop ' and he would n't . He never could . He found his way in front of the Bride 's dressing room floor , by now another song had come onto the play list . He did n't care , it was time . He knocked on the door . People in the hallway were looking at him like he was pounding on it . Clearly subtlety was invisible to the sober mind . She answered it . Dressed all in white , hair done to perfection , she looked like an angel . `` David '' she asked with a laugh , confused but not angry . `` What 's going on ? '' . Now was his moment . It was his time . He was like Rick in the Walking Dead in Love , Actually and she was the girl he talked to that was n't in the Walking Dead but was in Pirates of the Caribbean and Love , Actually . He 'd forgotten her name and suddenly his plan was going to shit ... what was it ... what was it ? `` NATALIE PORTMAN '' he shouted in her face , alcohol and spit hitting her like it had the waitress who 'd supplied him with the lipstick . `` That 's who you are and I 'm Rick . Ok , we 're them and we could- '' he stopped talking . A familiar feeling was creeping itself up . Slowly from the pit of his stomach , up his throat and entering his mouth . It was pure evil and Rick- David- whatever the fuck his name is could n't stop it . Before she could get out the words 'your drunk ' , David vomited all over the blushing bride to be .
Steve `` I 'm a Fucking Asshole '' McDonald woke up from his expensive ass king sized ass bed . Right next to him was his wife who is clearly too good for him , she should 've just married that rich guy who owned all those yachts . But no , that would 've been a much more interesting story . She decided to marry this pathetic , no good , dick sucking faggot instead , she could 've had never ending happiness and fortune , but she rather live a more `` simple '' life . This idiot gets up , and he takes his two retarded kids , one named Junior and one named Samantha to their piece of shit school . Yeah , real original names asshole , you could 've named them something a little more unique and special , but nope , you just named them the first thing that popped up in your microscopic brain . He then gets back in gay ass van , and goes to his well paying job , where he has plenty of retarded faggots around him , which he calls his friends . And of course , he 's HAPPY there . God I hate him , I wish this jackass could go through all the shit I have to go through . I had to narrate this faggot 's life ever since he came out of his ugly ass mother 's disgusting and smelly womb . The only times I 'm happy is when something horrible happens to him . Like that time his father died , the day I narrated that was one of the only times in my life where I was legitimately happy . But those days are so few and far between , and nearly every other day of his sappy piece of shit life is him spending time with his dumbass family , or having fun with his fucking asshole friends . I wish someone close to him would die again , I wish someone mugged him or something , just anything where he experiences some type of misfortune is the highlight of my pathetic day . I JUST WANT THIS GODDAMN STORY TO END ALREADY . *sigh* Steve gets into the parking lot ... <newline>
Dark blue ebbs smoothly back and forth in your mind . Here and firm , away and soft . Blue , blue . Blue , blue . Over the blue , a curl of summer breeze passes by , and you smell baking bread . The blue is here , the blue is away . The breeze picks up and ruffles your hair , sharp lemon , with a twist of sweet . A friend claps a hand on your shoulder . A bright rose blooms in the garden . Heat from the sun . The straw thatch on the roof , and the scent of hay carried by the breeze . The blue , the blue , the blue ... The wind has gone dry . It wears at your face , abrasive and heat and a long , long journey . You see the sun sink beyond the dunes , orange and dull , and the night is cold . The blue is gone , and your lips are cracked . You shiver . Daylight is a distant dream . Heavy weights in your knapsack , and your aching shoulders . Emptiness . Slowly , carefully , the blue is back , but paler now . It 's thin and wispy , and it dances across your brow . The blue , the blue - soft as butterflies ' wings on your eyelids . Digging into cool sand with your fingers , fine and smooth and satisfying . An hourglass streaming from your lifted hand . Methodical , meditative , polished round stones . Dark blue again , and the night breeze on your neck . Starlight . The curious blue as you rise to your feet , compressing cool sand . You walk , you walk , the journey goes . Blue and cool and air in your lungs . The city emerges from the horizon . Soft dawn , taupe and sunrise blush . Blue nudges at your elbows . Blue , and the warming breeze . The familiar outline of stones on the path . The smell of baking bread , the scent of roses . Blue , blue ... You are home . You are home . <newline>
'Adrian ? Adrian ! ' The slightly muffled voice called . 'Hello ? ' asked Adrian bemusedly . 'He 's awake ! ' Said the little voice . A distorted barrage of voices assailed him , all apparently grateful that he was now conscious . Adrian looked around the room , it was empty . His door was even still locked . 'Adrian , I want you to listen to me very carefully , ' said the voice , 'it 's about your state of health . ' 'Who are you ? And where are you ? ' Adrian asked of the empty air . 'Well that 's just it . I 'm your kidney . Your left kidney , my twin is n't in any state to speak . ' 'You 're my kidney ? ' Adrian sat up on his bed , grunting at even the smallest of effort thanks to the extra weight he was carrying . 'I 've lost my mind . I 'm hearing my kidney speak to me . ' 'It 's not just me in here you know . You do have other organs , I 'm just ... well I 'm kind of a nominated spokes-organ for the rest of your body . ' 'So I suppose my liver and my lungs are in there too ! Hello Lungs , Hello Liver , Hello HEART ! ' To his surprise three separate and distinctive voices answered back their greetings . Oh well , he thought to himself , at least if I 'm going mad I might as well see where this is going . 'Ok , ' he said aloud , 'Let me hear this urgent news . ' 'We 'll start with your liver . He 's a mess . He just jabbers nonsense until you have a drink and then he passes out , and it 's killing him . Your heart is having a hard time because of all the junk food you eat ; He 's managed to keep going for now , but it a losing battle with fat , salt , and cholesterol . And your lungs , Adrian . They 're going to shut down completely if you keep smoking the way you do . You need to exercise and eat healthily . Do n't go on a salad cleanse or anything , just remember ; Calories in , calories out , or you expand and die . ' 'I 've heard this spiel before . I 'm fine . Why should I listen to a voice in my head ? ' A sudden pain gripped his entire torso . A cruel jab of searing agony that consumed his entire being . He collapsed . 'I 'm not in your mind , you fat fool ! ' The pain subsided , leaving Adrian breathless on his hands and knees . 'This is the only warning you 'll get , and I hope , for ALL our sakes , that you listen . '
The speaker of the house looked at the box . It was a mysterious blue . A shade of blue he had never seen before . Amazed by this new color he walked over to the box . He stared at if for awhile . And then as if he had n't thought about the implications , he haphazardly pushed a button on the box . A life form escaped the box and said , `` HI ! I 'M MR MEESEEKS ! LOOK AT ME ! '' Confused the speaker asked , `` Who are you ? '' `` I 'm Mr. Meeseeks , I help you with whatever you need ! '' The speaker became excited . he said , `` can you help us decide if we should imprison all Muslims , like the Nazis did , the Jews ? '' `` SURE ! ! ! I can do that , I 'm Mr . Meeseeks . '' [ Censored by Adult Swim and U.S Government ] The speaker thanked Mr. Meeseeks with all his help . The speaker asked , `` What will you do now ? '' Mr. Meeseeks responds , `` Your failures are your own , old man ! I say , FOLLOW THROOOOUGH ! '' and poof , he disappeared . `` What the fuck does that mean ? '' said the speaker of the house .
I 've been sitting by my mothers bed for days now . Watching her laboured breathing and furrowed brow as she lay in semi-consciousness . The dementia took over and she 's been slowly starving to death . Every once in a while she frantically tries to haul her bony frame off of the pillow and searches with wild eyes until fatigue violently collapses her and she fades away once again . I miss her kind nature and her matter of fact approach to life . All the shit that was handed to her she greeted with utter acceptance and dignity . I just miss her asking how my day was . I 've seen people die before but never someone I loved so deeply . Where will she go after this ? Is she in pain ? What will I do without her ? Who will I ask for advice ? Will she hear me if I talk to her ? Exhausted I trudge to my bedroom above the mock hospital room we 've made for her , knowing I most likely wo n't sleep . The support worker wakes me around 5am telling me it 's time so I gather the others to say their last goodbyes and as we enter I see her turn her head towards us and she 's there . I mean , all of her . I see my mom in her eyes again . `` Mom ? '' `` Help me sit up '' she says and turns herself over . We rush to her side and dangle her legs over the edge of the bed . My sisters and I acting as bumper pads on all sides of her . My mother looks around at all of us with every possible human emotion registering on her face at once . And with a shaky voice she says the first clear headed thing she has said in 3 years and the last she 'll utter for the rest of her life . `` All my girls ! Oh thank you god . Thank you ! ! '' And I know that she has heard us , that she was at peace , that we were all to her what she was to all of us and that will never be lost to me . Goodbye mum . See you soon .
This is the story of your awareness . How it was shaped , and how it has come to be . Three angles , four sides . Your tangible , palpable reality defined by the angles and your covert , societal subversion designed by it 's sides . What is the shape ? What does it connote , provoke in your mind ? How you see the angles and sides will ultimately define , weave your story . The shape is n't smooth . It 's shaded in places and has ridges . Your mind lies at the epicentre of this shape . The shape , and how you 've defined it , is the vehicle for your mind , your subjective reality . The darker the sides become , the less you notice . Once you believe one thing , another is disbelieved . Your world shrinks . But as you begin to think outside the scope of the shape , your sides become translucent ; the angles shine brighter . Your reaction thus far should accurately define your investment in this shape , in its sides . How much you relate , do n't relate , and ca n't relate . Your curiosity pushes you to read on , or you laugh in ignorance . I pity , but envy the latter . Mind , body and spirit . The triad of conscious awareness . They define your shape , your position in this world . The angles are the prescience of your reality , inchoate to you at birth . Pure innocence without form , without limitation , without prejudice . Education , the prevailing paradigm ; culture becomes the artist of your awareness , painting over your reality with beliefs and designing how you see the world . The sides began to darken , obfuscating your awareness and attention ; permeating , transcending , and pulling you towards some form of concrescence , always in the future , always a future to build towards and invest in at the expense of extrapolating your mind from the present moment . The first side , first facet , is tangible . Tangible but mental . Electromagnetic pixels masquerading as insight . We forget to think and then think to forget . Pop culture , news , toys ; a sub reality dictated to you , defining what is important , not important . What is implausible , plausible - while simultaneously hiding , abstracting the world . You passively play along , believing that your ideas , your reality , is your own . It is not . The second facet is molded by language , your use of language and how you define things . Words define , rob you of attention . Noticing a tree , a bird in all its uniqueness ? Instead you place it into a box of how the thing is defined in your head . It 's not special anymore because you 've defined it . You know it 's a bird , a tree . You 've seen it before . It 's not unique anymore . Thoughts are delivered to you as words in your head . And words limit , lead astray . What becomes the defined becomes the unnoticed . The converse of a belief becomes the unnoticeable . The third facet is again molded by language . The language of the dominator , the culture . Jargon - the stock market this , the economy that . Confusion , jargon confuses you . You do n't understand . The world becomes abstracted from you . You only pay attention to what you know and can define in your mind with words . Let 's call it the known . The final facet is your ascension . The ascension of your attention into the unknown . Beyond limitation . Transcending prejudices , redefining what is possible , plausible . Investigating before investing . The internet becomes a platform as opposed to a distraction . The more prejudices , beliefs you hold ; the more you deny , disbelieve . Disbelief , judgement only creates ignorance , disparity . Believe in nothing in particular , but consider everything . This is the niche , the zone in which creativity itself flourishes . But you live behind the curtain , the veil . The pixels tell you what to believe in . They look so real , dancing in front of your eyes . But the only real thing is your experience . Denying this one fact covertly communicates with your mind that you need toys , investments to be happy . It is clandestine . A trick . Conditionalities birth themselves upon your world . You chase your tail without realising the tail is attached to you . But that is the prescience of the culture . Of money . A docile population will invest . A liberated population will transcend . But you , I invest in passive acqueiscence , pulled by the herd . You , I conform to the perspective of the system . You , I maintain beliefs , all adopted . You , I become , became a sponge . But you , I can see from outside of this shape now . Infinity is at your , my feet . the all-seeing eye / will arrest your attention / but the Triangle of Life . / will aid your ascension . Are you paying attention ? <newline>
Jerome hit the send button and slipped the phone into his pocket . He squinted his eyes up at the midday sky and waited . A minute passed , then two . He turned his gaze toward those around him , looking for any sign of change . Hurried looking men walked past without a glance , just as they did everyday . Silk ties flapping in the breeze , they filed in and out of the skyscrapers . He wondered how many of them would lose their jobs after today . Behind the beautiful glass , inside the concrete towers , how many of these men made their living on the suffering of others . Click , click , click . On the other side of the sidewalk a pair of heels dug themselves into the concrete , effortlessly gliding along . The heels led up to a pair of long and shapely legs , and a beautiful woman . Everything about the woman was designer made , the oversized sunglasses , the undersized skirt , even the paper bags she carried . He ’ d never seen her before in his life , all the same he felt like he ’ d seen her everyday for the last five years . She was the type that would go into the stores with the huge crystal windows and come out carrying load of bags . of course , making extra sure the names on the sides of the bags were prominently displayed . She wouldn ’ t give him a dime , she would n't even give him smile , but still he watched her as she walked . To his surprise she stopped right in front of him . His heart skipped a beat . Maybe she would put her bags down , take the sunglasses off , and see him . If this woman could see through the dirty clothes , see through the unkempt beard , and see him for what he truly was , a fellow human being , her brother , he knew his wish had come true . Instead he saw why she had stopped . A family of tourist had poured out of a yellow cab , and was now blocking the flow of foot traffic . They gaped up , trying to see the tops of the immense buildings , camera phones at the ready . The woman , whose face had been beautiful and elegant a second before , scowled . She silently pushed her way through with all the grace of a rhinoceros . She hadn ’ t seen Jerome , and he would never see her again . Eyes on the ground , Jerome felt like a fool . He stared at the cardboard he was sitting on and tried to drown out the noise . But , through everything , through the footsteps and the sirens , through the endless car horns , and the buzz of a million people , he heard a single noise , -CLANK- . He looked up , and saw a small girl , no more than six years old . She had blonde hair , bright as the sun . Cheeks so rosy they looked like candy apples . She had dropped a single quarter into his tin can . He wanted to smile at her , but he didn ’ t want to scare her , he was missing so many teeth . He wanted to hug her , to tell her that his wish had been for her . He had wished for a better future for her , for every little girl , and little boy , and man and woman in the world . He had wished for peace . But then a man came up , and grabbed the little girl by the arm . “ Susie , what are you doing ? Come here. ” He dragged her away . Jerome looked down once again , “ Thank you . ” he muttered . It had all been a lie , the dream , the phone , everything . He reached into his pocket , half expecting it to be empty . The phone was in his hand , and he wondered if he was going insane . Thinking back to the previous night , everything was so clear in his mind , it wasn ’ t just any dream . He remembered waking up in the middle of the night . A voice , thunderous , yet silent , full of power , so much so that he wanted to cower in fear , yet so loving , so caring , “ JEROME , JEROME , WAKE UP. ” Immediately his eyes had opened , and he was standing . He felt awake . Awake like he had never felt before . Most of all he remembered the silence . The city around him was empty , not a single person or car to be seen . The buildings were dark , the streets deserted , as if it had been abandoned a century before , no , a minute before . In that moment the most intense light he had ever seen in his life shone above him . So intense was the light that it pushed him to the ground . The light pushed him down and went through him . The light was in his body and in his mind . He squeezed his eyes shut so tightly it hurt , but never before had he seen such brightness . He had fallen to the ground , and in that moment he felt a presence in front of him . It had spoken to him . “ YOU AMONG MANY HAVE BEEN CHOSEN . AM , WHO SENT ME , HAS DELIVERED ONTO YOU , THE FATE OF THIS WORLD . I GIVE TO YOU THIS CELLPHONE . YOU ARE TO SEND ONE REQUEST . AM , WHO CREATES AND DESTROYS , WHO GIVES AND TAKES AWAY , WILL GRANT IT. ” Then the words had stopped , and he felt the presence leave , and the light fade . With the fading of the light , he had slipped out of consciousness . When he awoke , it was daytime . The city was just as it always had been , buzzing with life and activity . The only change was that in his pocket , he found something that had not been there the day before , a cellphone . Jerome had been living on the streets for five years , but he knew what cell phones were in style , and this was not one of them . It was rectangular , with a small green screen , and face buttons . The buttons were the numbers one through zero , with letters under each , and a space symbol under the zero . On top of the numbered buttons , right under the screen , was a green button , “ Send ” . It looked , obsolete , like something Nokia had released in 1999 . The screen had one thing written in small-digitized letters , “ Write Message : ” Jerome had known what he had to do . He typed , “ May God bless the world with peace. ” and hit send . That had been fifteen minutes ago , but nothing seemed to have changed . Jerome stared at the phone . “ I wonder what peace even looks like ? ” he thought , as he saw the little girl ’ s family walking away . “ God bless you ! ” He yelled after them . At that moment two things happened at the exact same time . Jerome felt something hit him on his head , and he saw a small object fall down the sky and straight into someone ’ s mouth . One of the tourists that had been staring wide-mouthed at the giant buildings was now convulsing on the sidewalk and clutching at his throat . In the confusion , half the crowd rushed towards him , while the other half tried to get away , leaving everyone stuck . What no one seemed to notice was that the sky had gotten considerably darker . At that moment it opened up , and unleashed the most intense hailstorm Jerome had ever seen . Everyone dispersed , and the choking tourist was dragged away to cover . Not believing that a hailstorm had broken out in the middle of summer , Jerome stood up , and realized it wasn ’ t hail at all . There were small orbs falling from the sky . Thousands , millions of them , smashing into the concrete and splattering into green goo . There were so many of them that Jerome could barely see . “ What the hell is this ? ” he thought . ‘ These things look like… ” Gripping the phone , he ran as fast as he could for cover , being pelted as he went . Pushing his way through a glass door , he found himself in the lobby of one of the buildings and surrounded by people screaming , staring in disbelief at the sight outside . They were all covered in the green goo . Jerome pressed one of the buttons on the phone , and scanned the screen . He read the message , read it again . “ May God bless the world with… ” “ peas. ” Jerome ’ s body slumped to the ground , the phone slipping from his hand . For forty days and forty nights peas fell on New York City . Many decades later , when the history books were being written , when the media frenzy had subsided , after every last scientist had been baffled , and the Great Pea War was over , a unit of the US Army returned to the spot where Jerome had fallen . As they cleared debris , preparing for the arrival of the first re-settlers of Manhattan Island , they found the skeleton of a middle aged , African-American man . It had been pea-fossilized after decades of burial , and identification was impossible . But next to the remains they found an old phone , a relic of a by gone era . Somehow it still turned on , and on the screen were the words : “ Message delivered . Auto-correct : On ” .
part 2 `` Of course audio and video . '' He handed me a pair of headphones . `` Put these on . '' I pulled the headphones over my ears but could n't hear anything . `` Okay here we are , '' he continued , `` I know the body cam video 's not the best so let me talk you through what you 're seeing here . Okay the agent 's at the door . He says he 's there for a bleach job . This is where your stuff works its magic . Even though they do n't know him from Adam , it seems pretty clear he 's one of them . And ... .he 's in ... .. See ? what 'd I tell you ? TV just sitting there ... .. Sound 's not even on probably . '' The General grabbed a nearby headset and put one of the speakers to his ear . `` Hey Grey ! Can we get that sound through over here ! ? '' He turned back toward the screen `` ..bleach everywhere.. '' he said addressing me again . The headphones crackled and I could hear the audio line from the agent 's wire . The general was right I did n't hear the TV , just some music , and pretty unpopular stuff from the sound of it . I could hear some talking , the agent assuring one of them he was n't a cop . Wow , it looked like the house was full of them , just sitting around with no phones , nothing . Several of them were going back and forth about something . I could n't make out what they were talking about , but it sounded pretty stupid and pointless whatever it was . At least one of them I could see seemed to be sitting off by herself reading what looked like a paper book . Most of those I could make out in the video feed were in various stages of growing out black market bleach jobs ; the one closest to the camera had at least two inches of dark , black growth under platinum blonde crowns . These people did n't look as dangerous as they did sad and bored . The agent appeared to be sitting down . It looked like they were covering him with something . The image went white . The General looked up from the screen and addressed the room : `` Do we have a problem ? '' `` No sir . '' one of the civilian technicians answered . `` It appears to be a cloth for the bleach , we still have audio though . '' `` Alright put that through on the main speakers . '' `` Yes sir . '' I took off the headset . The control room was filled with sounds from the bleach house . I could hear what must have been the self-styled beautician talking to the agent : `` ... want anything to read while you wait ? This stuff has to sit for a- '' There was a half second of silence then `` HE 'S GOT ROOTS ! ! '' The video and audio feed then erupted into utter chaos . The agent must have thrown off the sheet because we had video again , but it was hard to make out exactly what I was seeing . People were all over the place ; I could hear glass shattering , what I think were gun shots , then some screaming . `` Grey , cut the audio . '' The general yelled behind me . `` Sorry , it gets to be too much and you ca n't really make anything out anyway ... but we need a record of some sort for official reasons . Anyway there you have it sir , the rest is just clean-up . Occasionally there 's a minor incident with neighbors or family members , they get upset and then themselves resist arrest . '' I looked at the screen . The agent wearing the body cam appeared to be out of the house and running through the street `` So what happens to them all now ? '' `` Well , the ones that do n't forfeit their right to trial by resisting arrest , get taken to a regional processing center . Every now and again one of them knows something , but most of the time it 's pointless even talking to them . You start to learn that they 're a real entitled bunch and they think they have some kind of rights . We hold on to them for a while then we hand them off . You know they ca n't be rehabilitated and they only cause problems if you let them roam free . Ca n't send them anywhere because frankly nobody wants them , but it 's a waste spending tax payers ' hard earned money on incarcerating them , so ca n't lock 'em up either ... . but we hand them off and the administration handles it . You have any other questions ? '' `` No . '' I glanced back at the screen . Oh damn ! Somebody was getting the shit beat out of him . All I could see was the agent 's fists wailing on what was left of some kid 's face . There was blood everywhere ; It was like a goddamn video game up there ! `` I just want to tell you that this has actually been really interesting . I 'm really glad I came . '' `` *We're* glad you came . '' One of those guys in expensive suits now standing next to another officer in front of the glass office gestured to the General . `` I just want to say again how much an honor it has been being able to show you how your technology is being applied to save lives . '' Grey came over with what was possibly a laptop case and gave it to the general , `` Unfortunately , I 'm going to have to cut this a little shorter than expected , but I 'm going to leave you in the very capable hands of Mr. Grey here , he can answer any questions you may come up with . Take care of him Grey . '' Grey pulled his hair out of his eyes again and smiled . `` Yes sir . '' The general held out his hand `` Mr. Randolph , is has been a pleasure to meet you . '' `` The pleasure has been all mine , sir '' I responded . We shook hands then he walked off toward the office . `` Wow , '' I said to Grey `` that guy really knows his stuff . '' `` Yeah , I do n't know where we 'd be without him.. this country I mean . '' Grey sat down at the empty terminal next to mine . Up close I could see that he was actually a bit older than I had placed him before , maybe 22 or 23 . `` I hope you do n't mind me asking , '' he said looking at the blank monitor in front of him , `` but did you have any idea when you came up with the dye how important it 'd be . '' `` To be honest , not really . I made the first batch because I thought it 'd be funny to be an old fashioned climate scientist for Halloween . To be honest , I never even figured for anybody wanting the stuff outside of using it for something like that . I mean who 'd want to want around looking like a PC libtard ? '' I looked at the screen again . The ruckus had pretty much calmed down now . The agent was back inside the house . Looked like most of the darkies were either dead or in cuffs . `` Think I can see it now though . Dye 's pretty goddamn important . ''
My dear , I know what you 've been doing . The late night web searching in 'incognito mode ' , has n't been that clever . I 'm not even that heavy of a sleeper , you know . Three months of your salary abruptly gone from our bank account ? I know exactly where it 's going . You 've done well to try and keep it a secret , you really have . However , I 'm not just a silly little girl anymore . I 'm an adult woman and I 've figured you out . I guess my time as your girlfriend has come to end then . I guess nothing will ever be the same between us anymore . Tonight I 'll take the leap and my life as Rebecca Susan Stone will come to an end . Till death do us part , Becca
He lived in a small hut . He did n't own a pair of shoes nor fancy clothes . He did not own material objects ; not one shiny trinket . He had n't wealth nor family , but the lonely old fisherman always had a smile on his face . He smiled whether the sun shone down or the rain poured hard . He smiled whether he had a large catch or did not catch anything at all . He was , by definition , the poorest in his village but would give away his daily catch to those in need . There was a woman he had once loved that was wooed away by sparkling baubles and a silver tongued devil . The fisherman continued to smile . His only friends , a pair of birds , stayed with him night and day . He sang to them and fed them first at meals but they could not fill the void . He caught a cold one chilly day that he could n't pay to cure . A neighbour found him , three days cold , with a smile still on his face . He may have died all alone and a pauper in his hut near the river where he fished , but the entire village came together to honour the lonely fisherman . Now every year they hold a feast in his memory for never such a generous man have they seen since . In the end , the fisherman who had nothing and no one , had touched more lives than the richest of them all .
`` I tell you Cheryl , it gets worse every year . All these damn people , you ca n't walk a half a mile without bumping into something . '' `` Well Edith it 's all about keeping up with the times now is n't it . I suppose these days everyone 's is just in such a hurry . Is there anywhere to sit ? '' `` Well I say , none of the tables are taken . Now that is peculiar , I suppose what with all this rushing about nobody has time for a nice sit . '' `` Wasting their youth they are Edith , wasting there youth . Here looks nice right on this bench . '' `` Look at all these people blabbering and mumbling away at themselves , stumbling about . Jesus Cheryl you think they would have learnt that cell phones are dangerous things . Still , I suppose it means all the more peace and quiet . '' `` Now I ca n't hardly hear anything any of these people are saying Edith . It 's all just mumbles and gargles , has the whole world gone totally dumb ? '' `` Do you have the lunch here Cheryl ? '' `` Got it right here , some delicious pulled pork sandwiches . '' `` Why thankyou Cheyl . I 'll tell you what as well , these fashion choices are getting riskier every year.Look at that boy , half of his clothes must be ripped . If my mama had seen him walking around like that she would have given him a hefty spanking . '' `` Why Edith it 's not just the boys , look at that woman over there . The nerve ! Why she 's practically showing her entire upper half in that torn up singlet . And not a man is looking at her neither , it 's all that de-sensitivity to sex I tell you . Had we worn that the men would be all over us Edith . '' `` Cheryl had we worn that we would have been stopped by a policeman for indecent exposure . '' 'That 's true enough . Boy these sure are some delicious sandwiches . '' `` Hey Cheryl , do you see that man over there ? '' `` Where ? '' `` Over there , tween the trees and the Burger King . '' `` Oh yes . What is it ? '' `` Well he appears to be carrying a gun . '' `` Oh yes , I do see it . And that girl too . Is there some sort of event going on ? '' `` I 'm not sure but there seems to be an older man with a uniform on with them , and a lovely negro- '' `` Edith ! That 's not the accepted term anymore . '' `` Well then Cheryl a black man in a tie . How peculiar , the negr-black man appears to be holding a chainsaw . OH MY GOODNESS CHERYL , WHAT ARE THEY DOING TO THAT MAN ? ! ! '' `` OH GOD EDITH THEY 'RE SHOOTING EVERYONE ! '' `` We need to get out quick . Oh I am not what I used to be . '' <newline>
My dear , I know what you 've been doing . The late night web searching in 'incognito mode ' , has n't been that clever . I 'm not even that heavy of a sleeper , you know . Three months of your salary abruptly gone from our bank account ? I know exactly where it 's going . You 've done well to try and keep it a secret , you really have . However , I 'm not just a silly little girl anymore . I 'm an adult woman and I 've figured you out . I guess my time as your girlfriend has come to end then . I guess nothing will ever be the same between us anymore . Tonight I 'll take the leap and my life as Rebecca Susan Stone will come to an end . Till death do us part , Becca
